After taking office on the 29th, Ha Yun-soo, superintendent of Busan Metropolitan City Office, announced his thoughts and achievements over the past year, as well as future policies. On the morning of the same day, Superintendent Ha held a press conference at the International Conference Room in the annex of the Busan Metropolitan Office of Education and said, "With sincere advice and cooperation from all walks of life, Busan education was able to move forward one step further in the past year."He continued, "Since taking office, I have focused on creating conditions to realize 'Dreams into reality! Hopeful Busan Education' rather than implementing a show-off policy." “Based on the foundation built over the past year, I will do my best to take root in the field the policies promised to Busan citizens and families of education for the remainder of my tenure,” he pledged. After taking office as Superintendent Ha, he announced that he had achieved many achievements, such as increasing the level of satisfaction with education policy to 75% from 62.9% at the beginning of his inauguration by promoting major pledge projects such as improving academic ability and character education. In November of last year, he established the ‘Busan Academic Development Institute’, an institution dedicated to improving students’ academic achievement, for the first time in the country. The Center for Education and Training serves as a control tower to set public education right, and promotes various policies to guarantee the basic academic ability of Busan students and to improve their academic ability. In order to solve the ‘blinking education’ by accurately diagnosing students’ academic level, the only ‘customized self-assessment of academic achievement’ was conducted. According to the ‘Regular Public Opinion Survey on Busan Education Policy’ conducted by the Metropolitan Office of Education in November of last year, 75% of the respondents said that an evaluation of academic achievement is necessary. In a survey conducted in May of this year, 79.9% of respondents answered the same question as necessary, forming a consensus on the need for an academic achievement evaluation, and it was found that there was a change in perception. Regarding the ‘Morning change (physical strength. personality. intelligence), Superintendent Ha emphasized, "It is a true holistic education that raises not only physical strength, but also character and intelligence through friendship with friends, and wakes up sleeping classrooms, and is creating a new wind throughout the country."He said, "The 'Academic Development Institute' and 'Morning change (physical strength, character, intelligence) continued to be benchmarked by the Tashi-do Office of Education and the Assembly. It was also introduced as an example that should be spread across the country in the ‘Plan for Improving the Competitiveness of Public Education’ recently announced by the Ministry of Education.”On the other hand, as a result of investigating changes in city education through change policy monitoring in the morning of last May, 68.2% of parents answered that it is “helpful for maintaining and developing physical strength,” and 68.5% said it was “helpful for learning activities.”In addition, 30.1% of the students responded that ‘the time to go to school has increased,’ and 26.1% said, ‘Jal is less likely to come to class in the morning,’ indicating that there has been a positive change. In particular, 34.2% of students answered ‘no difficulties’ to the question of what difficulties they had with morning change activities, indicating high satisfaction. Regarding the recent school zone accident in Yeongdo and Buk-gu, Superintendent Ha said, "We also boldly demolished school fences to create safe commuting routes. Last year, we made efforts to build safe commuting routes, such as signing an agreement with the city of Busan, but it was really unfortunate that we couldn't prevent school zone accidents in Yeongdo-gu and Buk-gu." and he promised “No education can function properly without ‘safety’ being guaranteed, We will do our best to promote school safety policies so that this does not happen again,"In addition, the Office of Education emphasized that the school route safety guidance system, which will be completed in November, will be of great help in preventing safety accidents by sharing risk factors on the route to school in real time with all members of the region.Regarding the Ministry of Education’s customized self-assessment of academic achievement, the Metropolitan Office of Education plans to conduct the ‘Busan-type Academic Achievement Assessment’ for first-year middle school students in September and October to accurately diagnose the academic achievement of first-year middle school students excluded from all evaluations. All schools can take the test autonomously during the evaluation period considering the academic calendar. Grades provide students with information to determine their level and position, and overall grades are not disclosed. The Metropolitan Office of Education is also operating the ‘Busan Academic Achievement Support System (BASS)’ for the first time in the country to support learning tailored to the student level by linking the results of the ‘Busan-type Academic Achievement Assessment’ and the ‘Customized Academic Achievement Self-Assessment’. When a student who has taken the assessment accesses BASS, learning content tailored to the student's level is provided according to the results analyzed by AI. After the pilot operation in August, it is planned to make up for the shortcomings and fully implement it in October. To guarantee the right to learn and secure teaching rights, the Metropolitan Office of Education plans to spread a culture of respect for teachers, love for disciples, and mutual respect through reduced school field work, establishment of a protective network for educational activities, substantial operation of teacher healing centers, and discussions to restore the educational community. To bridge the educational gap, the Office of Education operates the ‘Accommodation Type Personal English Camp’ and the ‘Wecando Seasonal School’ to eliminate learning gaps during vacation for students from underprivileged areas. In addition, the public education board, ‘Busan-type Ingang’, is introduced to reduce the educational gap and private education. As one of the measures to bridge the gap in education, ‘Wecando Seasonal School’ will be operated to eliminate students’ learning deficits and serve as an alternative to private education through supplementary classes during vacations.Seasonal school runs from Monday to Friday for three weeks during vacation. The instructors are planned to target middle and high school teachers belonging to the Busan Office of Education. Students can take any subject they want. Classes are completely free, and lunch is provided. During the winter vacation of 2023, one school in Yeongdo-gu is designated as a base school, and after pilot operation for 400 first-year middle school students, it is planned to expand to other regions.In addition, the Office of Education plan to establish a new public alternative school to help students who are at risk of suspension of study stabilize their minds and emotions and restore their social skills. The Office of Education plans to establish a public alternative school in the Dongbu Mountain area as well. Currently, Songjeong Middle School in Gangseo-gu is operating as a public alternative school in Busan. The Metropolitan Office of Education is promoting the establishment of a ‘Busan-type K-POP High School’ for the first time in the Yeongnam and Honam regions to professionally educate K-POP for domestic and foreign students with talent and talent and nurture talents who will lead the related industry. It plans to select the best site among closed schools and promote it with the goal of opening in March 2028. We plan to provide high-quality education by inviting experts in the field of K-POP, such as vocal, dance, songwriting, and composition. ‘B.U.S.A.N. the Office of Education also operate ‘Neulbom School’. Up to 50 pilot schools are selected through a contest. In addition to regular classes, we plan to operate various programs including ‘MOA (Model Of Afterschool-program)’ such as after-school, academic improvement, clubs, sports clubs, emotional care, and educational welfare. In order to develop students' digital future capabilities, the number of SW.AI-related subjects was also increased from 17 hours per year for 6th graders to 68 hours per year for 3rd to 6th graders in the case of elementary school. In the case of secondary school, information education was extended from 34 hours to 68 hours. This is applied two years ahead of the 2022 revised curriculum. In addition, 26 SW.AI-related subject teachers were also increased. In order to nurture talents that reflect future social demands, we are also pushing for a reorganization of the specialized high school system. Seobusan Technical High School is designated as a “Busan-type Meister High School” and plans to operate a specialized aviation high school (tentatively named Busan Aviation High School) in the Seobusan area. In addition, six departments in six specialized high schools were restructured by linking them with local industries such as e-sports, fisheries and marine, nuclear power, and port logistics. It also worked hard to support the education of out-of-school youth. Textbooks were provided to teenagers preparing for the GED, and ‘Jangdaehyun Middle and High School’, the only alternative school for North Korean defectors in the Yeongnam and Honam regions, was officially opened. In particular, the juvenile detention center was designated as a consignment education institution for alternative education, and on the 15th, a business agreement was signed with the Ministry of Justice to operate the entrusted education institution. Regarding the issue of arbitrary budget execution for IB education recently raised by the city council, Planning Director Kim Young-jin said, "The city council pointed out that the budget was arbitrary budget execution in relation to IB education, but even though we sufficiently explained that it was not arbitrary budget execution, we wonder if the explanation was insufficient. A special administrative investigation committee has been formed.” and he explained. “So, the only thing the Office of Education can do in the process of administrative investigation is to explain the fact that the enforcement is not voluntary. We observe strict legal procedures in the budget execution process. Therefore, within the scope of the total amount, it is executed within the scope of deliberation and resolution by the Congress. In the process, while complying with the law, autonomous discretion is given. So, I will try harder to explain and to make them understand."




On the 9th, Incheon Maritime Police Station (Chief Sang-chun Park) conducted a campaign to wear life jackets for passengers of multi-use boats in the spring at Namhang Pier in Jung-gu and Jindu Port in Ongjin-gun.This campaign was conducted with a focus on making life jackets a habit, eradicating drunk driving and drinking on board ships, and complying with maritime safety laws to prevent safety accidents at sea due to the increasing number of users who enjoy sea fishing.Police officers belonging to the Incheon Coast Guard participated in the early morning of this day to create a safe maritime culture for about 1,000 sailors and passengers using multi-use vessels such as fishing boats.Lee Byung-joo, head of the maritime safety department, said, “When going out to sea, life jackets are essential, not optional.In addition, the Incheon Maritime Police Station will conduct on-site surveys until May 31 to prevent marine pollution accidents caused by long-moored vessels.Long-term mooring vessels are vessels with an aging hull and high risk of accidents due to not operating for a long period of time.These ships are analyzed as potential marine pollution risk factors that can cause pollution accidents due to oil spills, such as waste oil stored in ships, because they have different management entities and have high risk of accidents such as flooding and sinking in case of bad weather due to aging of the hull and insufficient safety management. do.For example, in March 2021, a tugboat that was moored at Incheon Namhang Pier was submerged due to a hole in the bottom of the ship and 126 liters of waste oil leaked. 26.3%), which is very high.The Incheon Maritime Police Station identified 32 long-term moored vessels reported to related organizations such as the Incheon Regional Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Office in March, and based on this data, will conduct a full-scale on-site investigation, such as whether there is a hole in the vessel or the amount of oil in the vessel. Accordingly, ships with a high probability of causing a marine accident should be removed from oil in advance, and if dangerous situations such as drifting, marine accident, or oil spill occur by sharing with related organizations, we plan to respond jointly and immediately notify the owner or manager to take action.Kim Jong-pil, head of the Marine Pollution Control Division, said, “It is important to safely dispose of the oil left on the vessel in advance to prevent marine pollution accidents. We will continue to monitor,” he said.








Less LucrativeFrance’s GTT, which receives royalties for cargo holds for liquefied natural gas (LNG) carriers worth hundreds of billions of won built by Korean shipyards, recorded profit growth of over 20 percent in the first quarter of 2023. Despite receiving large-scale LNG carrier orders, Korean shipbuilders are expected to continue to lose money or barely turn a profit in the first quarter due to the impact of huge royalty payments. Under these circumstances, Korean companies are still far from attaining technological independence in cargo holds.GTT announced on April 20 (local time) that it posted sales of 79.89 million euros (approximately 116.9 billion won) in the first quarter. It grew by 17.2 percent compared to the same period of last year. In the LNG/ethane carrier sector, which is a key source of revenue, it announced that it generated royalty income of 66.24 million euros (96.9 billion won), up 23 percent over the past year. About 90 percent of GTT’s LNG cargo hold royalties come from Korean shipyards. This means that the three major Korean shipbuilders paid around 90 billion won in royalties to GTT in the first quarter alone.GTT has the original technology for membrane-type LNG cargo holds. It is a technology that has become a de-facto standard around the world as it can carry more LNG than the past spherical Moss-type LNG cargo hold and rarely causes safety problems. Global ship owners stick to the use of GTT membrane technology thanks to decades of its technological reliability.As it monopolizes the LNG cargo hold market, it has enormous price negotiation power. Korean shipbuilders pay about 5 percent of a ship price as the GTT cargo hold technology license fee.Korean shipbuilders are barely making ends meet despite receiving large LNG carrier orders, paying huge royalties on top of rising raw material prices. According to FnGuide, securities firms expect Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (DSME) to record an operating loss of 41.7 billion won in the first quarter of 2023. Since 2021, it has posted losses in every quarter. In the first quarter, HD Hyundai Heavy Industries (HHI) is expected to record a surplus in the 40 billion won range in the black.As GTT’s market dominance grows, the Korean Fair Trade Commission (FTC) puts on the brakes, and the Korean shipbuilding industry is also promoting the localization of cargo holds. But the industry still has a long way to go in the localization of cargo holds. The FTC came to the conclusion that GTT was abusing its market dominating power, so it ordered GTT to stop tying technology licenses and technical support services. The case went all the way to the Supreme Court and recently ended with GTT losing the case. “Thanks to the court ruling, we are now able to purchase licenses and technical support separately, but GTT still has huge negotiating power, so there are no big practical benefits from the ruling yet,” an industry insider said.In order to reduce royalties worth hundreds of billions of won each year, Korean shipbuilders have started to develop in-house cargo holds, but they are in trouble. KOGAS and the three shipbuilding companies delivered their first LNG carrier in 2018 equipped with Korea’s first LNG cargo hold, KC-1. However, as a cold spot phenomenon occurred and accordingly cold air from the cargo hold was transferred to the hull of the ship, the carrier had to repeatedly undergo repairs. KOGAS, SK Shipping, and Samsung Heavy Industries, which built the ship, are at loggerheads in court over this matter. However, recently, a technical judgment has been made that the cargo hold can run at six degrees or higher, expanding anticipation for cargo hold localization in the long term.GTT, which has relied on Korean shipbuilders for 90 percent of its cargo hold license fees, is also trying to expand its license sales to Chinese shipbuilders. Last year, GTT decided to issue cargo hold licenses to them. “GTT is pumping up its license sales pitch to Chinese shipyards while beginning cargo hold design for four LNG carriers for a Chinese shipbuilder in April.”Jung Min-heepr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




In August, drones came to the forefront as convenience stores in Korea started pilot testing drone delivery to remote areas. However, this is just the beginning, as the Ministry of Land Infrastructure and Transport (MOLIT) is conducting demonstration projects to expand the use of drones in Korea.Drones are being tested for transporting emergency medical supplies in the 2022 K-drone system demonstration project conducted by the Ministry of Land and Infrastructure and Transport. (Credit: Getty Images Korea)In this regard, MOLIT Minister Won Hee-ryong said, “For drones to meet the required standard, the ministry will push for drastic reform of the current regulations to foster a conducive environment for firms in the industry."Drone applications in the medical industrySwitching industries, imagine a future where a drone brings you medicine straight to your doorstep just a few hours after prescription. Alternatively, blood, organs for transplant, first aid kits and vaccine can be safely delivered to remote mountainous areas reducing the complicated cold chain requirements. Furthermore, drones can also be applied to disaster relief in high-risk environments with chemical or biological hazards to enable healthcare related rescue operations.Another potential application is an unobstructed ambulance service with video and communication which can instruct human bystanders in emergency situations to perform CPR, use the automated defibrillator (AED) or use the drone to fetch necessary medicines from nearby pharmacies until the ambulance arrives.This is the promise that drones can deliver.With the goal of commercialization of Urban Air Mobility (UAM) in Seoul by 2025 and everyday use of modern transport platforms by 2030, it seems like the right time for industries to show interest. Drones are also viewed as a more sustainable option and way to reduce carbon as stated by the World Economic Forum (WEF).As nice as this sounds, the drone field is still highly regulated as it has to share the sky with airplanes, helicopters and more. Even retail giants like Amazon have showcased failures in this area. Some of the most major concerns for drones include collision accidents, hacking and safety issues regarding radio wave interference.Benchmarking successful drone systemsDeveloped countries including Korea has a better healthcare infrastructure with advanced technologies but developing countries lack access to medical care.GAVI, an international organization for improving access to new and underused vaccines, and Zipline, a leading drone manufacturer and operator, is one example of institutions that have successfully bridged this gap.This was first demonstrated in Rwanda in 2016 and subsequently expanded in Ghana for vaccine delivery in 2021. Zipline have also successfully delivered Pfizer’s Covid-19 vaccines in the first long-range drone delivery. More recently, Zipline partnered with Walmart to provide over the counter (OTC) drugs, with MultiCare Health System to supply lab samples, medications, and test kits and earlier this month, they launched the delivery of prescription medicines with Intermountain Healthcare.On the other hand, the U.K.’s Skyway, a 165-mile drone superhighway, aims to create an automated space to reduce the work of managing all unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) while also removing the risks of individual operator collisions. It is estimated to cost $14.2 million (20.2 billion won) and will use a series of high-powered, ground-based sensors which will interface to centrally direct all overhead traffic. Consequently, U.K. drone operators can forgo equipping drones with navigational sensors to maximize UAVs payload, range, and efficiency.Comparatively, Korea is also trying to achieve something similar. Korea Airports Corporation (KAC) and Hancom inSpace were selected by the Land Ministry to demonstrate an optimized 'drone road' that resolved communication and physical obstacles and identify collision prevention functions of multiple drones in the city center of Seoul at an estimated cost of 268 million won.The image demonstrates the necessary infrastructure for drone implementation in Korea including different flying heights for each category of urban air mobility (UAM), an unmanned traffic management (UTM) center, remote IDs for each UAM, an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) operator and geofencing to create a no-fly zone. (Credit: KIAST)Korea’s domestic drone developmentHowever, the Korea Institute of Aviation Safety and Technology (KIAST) selected different industries to participate in the K-Drone system demonstration support project to enhance drone safety and support business expansion. In the medical industry, the Korean Red Cross located in the North Chungcheong Province and a nearby hospital were selected to demonstrate the feasibility of emergency medical supplies like emergency antidotes and blood delivery with drones.Additionally, Pablo Airlines, a Korean drone start-up which enables urgent deliveries of medicines and relief good to islands and remote areas in Korea, will team up with Incheon International Airport Corporation to verify the demonstration of long-distance maritime emergency medicine delivery.However, to date, there have been no cases of blood delivery so far, said a MOLIT official.He noted that the government is practicing flight for this delivery which is expected to be conducted in November. Subsequently, these results will help inform MOLIT’s basic plan guidelines for the development of the drone industry scheduled to be released in the first half of 2023.South Korea’s drone market is expected to double from 372.6 million in 2020 to 602.9 million in 2024, according to the MOLIT. Korea appears to be approaching commercialization as the MOLIT started conducting “performance test reports.”Accordingly, Minister Won emphasized safety."For UAM to become a public mode of transport, it should be safe, convenient and affordable. We will also try to minimize the risks of commercialization in the beginning by collaborating with local institutions and experts,” he went on to say.Drone regulations required for successKorea can learn from well-established drone companies like American-based Zipline which have already recorded many successful drone deliveries of medical supplies, getting required approvals from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). In this regard, the FDA seems to be taking a hands-off approach unless the drone itself is used as a medical device like drones equipped with telemedicine or AI-trained medical services. Accordingly, drone manufacturers need to consult with the relevant agencies like the FDA, the FTC, and other federal or state agencies to regulate drone technology.Asked what improvements were needed for Korea’s medical drone industry, an official from MOLIT said, “Technology development, transportation system construction, safety verification, and expansion of the delivery industry are all currently being reviewed through the drone demonstration projects which are expected to help the industrialization of drones in Korea.”​As a highly regulated field, commercialization in the medical industry could pave the way for other industries to also achieve drone commercialization in Korea. Drones were first characterized by their small shape and ability to provide a unique bird’s eye perspectives but have come a long way although it still faces regulations in the medical field.Industry watchers are paying keen attention to whether Korea’s strong bio-industry could help push the commercialization of the drone industry.tweetRelated articlesExperts' views vary on ‘how’ Korea should implement telemedicineMarianne Changmchang@docdocdoc.co.krSee Other ArticlesCopyright © KBR Unauthorized reproduction, redistribution prohibited




ITALY VENICE CRUISE SHIP COLLISION

Cruise ship collides with tourist boat in Venice

The removal and towing operations of the tourist boat 'River Countess' involved in the collision in the port of Venice, Italy, 02 June 2019. The cruise ship SMC Opera smashed into a dock located on the Giudecca canal in Venice this morning. Tugs could not maintain control of the MSC cruise ship as it struck the dock and then struck the stern of the 'River Countess' tourist boat which was docked. Four people were taken to the hospital, according to reports.




On the morning of the 17th, the Democratic Party of Korea’s Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant Contaminated Water Pollution Water Dumping Prevention Committee (hereinafter referred to as the General Committee, standing chairman Woo Won-sik) held a joint action with the Basic Income Party, Justice Party, and Progressive Party in Japan to prevent marine dumping of contaminated water, religious environment meeting (Christian environment Movement Solidarity, Buddhist Environmental Solidarity, Won-Buddhist Environmental Solidarity, Cheondogyo Hanul Solidarity, Catholic Creation Preservation Solidarity) held a joint press conference for the submission of a petition to the UN Human Rights Council against the dumping of contaminated water from Fukushima nuclear power plant at the National Assembly Communication Hall. Civic groups, including the opposition parties and religious circles, said, “Illegal dumping of contaminated water from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in Japan is approaching. The dumping at sea by the Japanese government and TEPCO, which seriously violates the common goal of mankind, which is a sustainable society and environment, is an act of violating the basic human rights that all mankind should enjoy." An absurd decision will destroy the marine environment and pose serious risks to future generations who will live on the planet.” At the same time, “The right to a clean, healthy and sustainable environment is recognized by the UN Human Rights Council as a human right that we should take for granted as human beings.” "This decision, which may affect the future, must be accompanied by rigorous scientific analysis and extensive public opinion." On this day, the four opposition parties of the Republic of Korea (Democratic Party, Justice Party, Basic Income Party, Progressive Party), civil society, and religious circles said, “We will jointly file a special complaint with the UN Human Rights Council.” , We hope that the international community will have a correct perception of the problem of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in the future by requesting the investigation of human rights violations caused by the dumping of contaminated water in Fukushima by special rapporteurs in the food sector and the submission of opinions from the international community.” did. Decision to dump contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant without analyzing the impact on the marine ecosystem. They said, “Recently, it has been confirmed that a significant level of pollution and bioaccumulation has occurred in the nearby waters, such as the catch of cesium rockfish exceeding 180 times the standard value.” Research on ecosystem impacts must be conducted.” The decision to dump contaminated water from nuclear power plants without considering better alternatives. South Korean opposition parties, civic society, and religious circles said, “The Japanese government and Tokyo Electric Power decided to dump at sea considering only the cost aspect without any review of other alternatives such as stratum injection, steam emission, hydrogen emission, underground burial, which were discussed in 2020. “Tokyo Electric Power and the Japanese government took the easy way, ignoring various alternatives to buy enough time for nuclides to decay and mitigate the risks that could arise from ocean dumping,” he said. “The basic promise of the international community is It is tantamount to violating the Verification of ALPS performance missing from safety verification of contaminated water at nuclear power plant. “Securing the performance of ALPS is the most essential factor in verifying the safety of contaminated water from nuclear power plants discharged into the sea. However, as has already been confirmed several times, no performance verification has been performed for all treatment processes, such as ALPS' ability to adsorb radioactive materials, decontamination coefficient, and operating procedures.” At the same time, he directly attacked, saying, “It is just sophistry that ALPS can sufficiently guarantee the safety of marine discharge of contaminated water from nuclear power plants in a situation where it has not even been verified that it can remove radioactive substances from contaminated water from nuclear power plants.” Environmental Impact of Contaminated Water from Nuclear Power Plants Transcending Borders. They said, “The Fukushima nuclear power plant area where the accident occurred is an area where a level 7 nuclear accident occurred. It is self-evident that dumping of contaminated water from nuclear power plants affects the sea beyond borders and affects other countries,” he said. It is absolutely necessary to evaluate.” Political parties, civil society, and religious circles of the Republic of Korea said, “I hope that the international community correctly recognizes and responds to Japan’s arbitrary and illegal dumping of contaminated water at the Fukushima nuclear power plant.”




Self-sailing VesselsHyundai Heavy Industries' Autonomous Navigation System HiNASRecently, competition is heating up among domestic shipbuilders to develop eco-friendly and fuel-saving smart vessels.The market for autonomous ships and related equipment and materials is expected to grow 12.8 percent annually to reach US$155 billion in 2025, said Acute Market Sports, a shipbuilding and global market research firm on Sept. 9. Against this backdrop, major domestic shipbuilders are focusing on the development of smart ships to lead the market.Hyundai Heavy Industries (HHI) introduced the world's first smart ship in March 2011. Its autonomous navigation system allows a shipping company to monitor, remotely diagnose and control the operation of a vessel on land via a satellite. The number of smart ship orders amounts to 400 units a year, and the company is speeding up research and development on smart ships. In 2017, HHI developed the Integrated Smart Ship Solution (ISS) based on IoT technology.In the first half of this year, the company installed “HiNAS” (Hyundai Intelligent Navigation Assistant System) on SK Shipping’s 250,000-ton bulk carrier, becoming the world’s first shipbuilder to apply a core technology for autonomous sailing to a large ship already in service.HiNAS automatically recognizes surrounding vessels through camera analysis via artificial intelligence (AI) to determine and alert the risk of collision based on augmented reality (AR). Particularly noteworthy about this advanced navigation support system is that even when visibility is limited at night or by sea fog, it can analyze and provide comprehensive information, such as the location and speed of obstacles, using infrared cameras.This year, HHI developed HiMSEN Engine on its own. The engine is loaded with cutting-edge technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI), big data, and the IoT and is expected to save billions of won in fuel costs or cut 10 percent of cost per year.Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (DSME) also plans to develop high-efficiency ships by using carbon-free and smart technology. It has delivered to HMM a smart ship based on its own platform Smart Ship 4.0. Furthermore, DSME continues to upgrade technologies for navigational environment measurement, maintenance and repair and safe navigation to ultimately realize autonomous navigation.DSME plans to develop digital twin ships that can virtually detect risks in advance, an axial power generation motor system that produces electricity by rotating the axis of a ship's engine while sailing, and an air lubrication system that uses air to reduce resistance. It expects these technologies to cut fuel costs.Samsung Heavy Industries is busy developing eco-friendly technology to save fuel. The case in point is an air lubrication system, one of energy saving devices (ESDs). In particular, the company applied its own air lubrication system, SAVER Air, to LNG carriers, reducing their energy use 5 percent. In addition, it improved fuel efficiency by about 3 percent by applying SAVER Stator-D, a fuel-saving device that increases propellers' power by equalizing the flow of seawater into the propellers.Jung Min-heecontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




ARGENTINA SHIP COLLISION

Handout picture released by Prefectura Naval Argentina showing PNA rescuers working on the hull of the Argentine ship 'Rio Turbio', that capsized after colliding with Paraguayan tug 'Ava Payagua' on the Parana de las Palmas river, near Zarate, 101 km Northeast of Buenos Aires, Argentina, 12 May 2012. Seven 'Rio Turbio' crew members are still missing




HD Hyundai signed a carbon-neutral cooperation agreement between the three parties of shipbuilding, steel, and shipping with four national shipping companies (H-line Shipping, Daehan Shipping, Pan Ocean, and Polaris Shipping) and POSCO.HD Hyundai announced on the 24th that they have decided to cooperate in establishing an eco-friendly global maritime supply chain based on "Ocean Wise." Oceanwise is an artificial intelligence (AI) technology-based ship operation optimization and carbon emission monitoring solution.Under this agreement, HD Hyundai will install Ocean Wise in POSCO's fleet management system, the shipper. The four shipping companies collect and share actual operation data such as operation efficiency, fuel consumption, and carbon emissions of ships with Ocean Wise.Through this solid line verification, HD Hyundai will monitor carbon emissions generated during ship operation in real time and upgrade Oceanwise's algorithm based on the data obtained. It will also discuss improvement measures to reduce greenhouse gases with POSCO and four shipping companies.minhyung leewebmaster@smarttimes.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © SmartTimes. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




The Incheon Maritime Police Station (Chief Sang-chun Park) will implement measures to strengthen the safety management of multi-use vessels in the summer for 52 days until August 31 to prevent various safety accidents in line with the increasing number of vacationers during the summer vacation.The Incheon Coast Guard aims to prevent illegal activities such as drunk driving and non-wearing of life jackets in advance, and to prevent marine accidents and establish a safe maritime culture in line with the summer vacation season, when the number of users of multi-use ships (line, pilotage, fishing boats, etc.) is increasing. leave and do Main contents include public-private joint inspection of all ships in Incheon, strengthening safety patrol and safe operation management for multi-use ships, legal education for pilot and pilot operators and employees for safe operation, special crackdown on marine drinking operations and multi-use ships, workers and Personalized publicity, such as a campaign to wear a life jacket for users.An official from the Incheon Coast Guard said, "In particular, in case of a ship accident, a more thorough safety check and management should be conducted as it can lead to a large-scale fatal accident."







Mokpo City, conduct emergency safety inspections at major tourist destinations such as marine cable cars City inspects the status of 8 tourist destinations to prevent similar accidents in Itaewon(Mokpo = Break News) Reporter Lee Hak-soo = The city of Mokpo, South Jeolla Province, conducted an emergency safety check on major tourist attractions visited by a large number of citizens and tourists.The city operated an inspection team consisting of 27 people in 3 groups on the 31st of last month to prevent accidents such as the recent Itaewon accident. (Photo)The inspection team inspected the facilities of major tourist attractions such as Gatbawi Rock, Peace Plaza, Marine Cable Car, Gohado Marine Deck, Yudal Amusement Park, Modern History Halls 1 and 2, Bori Madang, Sihwa Alley, and Yudal Mountain, while closely examining the surrounding hazards.Overall, the safety management of the facility is good, and the city plans to repair minor issues as soon as possible.In addition, measures to prevent accidents due to steep slopes and slipping will be supplemented.








In the emergency response meeting, an intensive inspection was made on areas vulnerable to disasters, such as marine facilities, crops, and various facilities that are expected to be damaged by typhoons.In particular, the discussion focused on measures to prevent damage, such as pre-safety measures for coastal areas, breakwaters, and aquaculture farms that are highly affected by typhoons, and evacuation of ships (fishing vessels).The military has decided to strengthen surveillance and safety measures in areas vulnerable to major disasters, landslides, and habitually flooded areas.Safety measures were strengthened at construction sites and business sites, while rivers, trenches and drainage facilities were inspected, and the area around drainage channels was maintained.In addition, we are fully committed to safety measures such as preventive measures against falling of fruit trees, tying plastic greenhouses, and taking precautionary measures to prevent damage to crops from flooding.At the meeting, Deputy Governor Jo Seok-hoon of Jangheung-gun said, “Although an unprecedented super-strong typhoon is heading north, we must focus all administrative power on minimizing the damage through thorough monitoring and preparation for safety, so that there are no casualties. ” He said, “The head of the township and village should directly inspect the site and make advance preparations for any deficiencies in order to prepare thoroughly for typhoons.”




SEOUL, Aug. 22 (Yonhap) -- South Korean environmental groups staged protests Tuesday following Japan's announcement of a plan to begin dumping radioactive water from its crippled Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean this week.Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida said earlier in the day that Japan will begin releasing the water Thursday.A coalition of civic groups campaigning against the discharge held a press conference in front of the Japanese Embassy in central Seoul, calling for the withdrawal of the plan."Despite experts' testimonies that question the safety of dumping Fukushima's contaminated water and calls for clear alternatives, the Japanese government is pushing for the cheapest and most convenient ocean dumping," the group said in a statement during the event.They also criticized the South Korean government for taking no action to protect the health and safety of its citizens and instead advocating for the ocean disposal plan.Protesters chant slogans during a rally in front of the Japanese Embassy in central Seoul, on Aug. 22, 2023, condemning Japan's plan to release radioactive water from its crippled Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean. (Yonhap)Earlier in the day, the Asian Citizens' Center for Environment and Health and the Korea Federation for Environmental Movements also held a press conference at the same location."The act of dumping nuclear contaminated water into the Pacific Ocean will turn the common asset and future of humanity into a nuclear waste dump," they said in a statement.They warned they would launch a boycott of Japanese products if Japan goes ahead with the plan.Greenpeace Korea also issued a statement, condemning what it called "an irresponsible announcement that could cause irreversible disaster."The organization stated that the ocean discharge of radioactive waste generated by the nuclear accident is unprecedented and poses a serious threat to the marine ecosystem and human safety."It is a threat to the survival rights of residents of Pacific coastal countries, including Japanese fishermen, and a violation of international maritime law," it added.Meanwhile, the Seoul government said Tuesday it sees no scientific or technical problems with the release plan, which the International Atomic Energy Agency endorsed last month.






SEOUL, Sept. 1 (Yonhap) -- A military court on Friday rejected an arrest warrant request for the Marine Corps' former top investigator over allegations he disobeyed orders from his superiors over an internal probe he led into the death of a young Marine in July.The military prosecution on Wednesday filed for the pretrial warrant to detain Col. Park Jung-hun on charges of insubordination and defamation of his superior after he handed over the probe findings to the civilian police last month despite Defense Minister Lee Jong-sup's orders to hold it off for more legal deliberations.The military court dismissed the request, citing "little concern for the destruction of evidence."Park spearheaded the preliminary probe into what contributed to the death of Cpl. Chae Su-geun, who was swept away by a torrent at a stream in Yecheon County, 161 kilometers southeast of Seoul, on July 19 while on a mission to search for victims of downpours.Park has said his decision to hand over the case to the police was lawful. Park's lawyer claims he had been pressured by the ministry to omit allegations of criminal activity by individuals in the report.The defense ministry viewed the transfer as an act of insubordination, prompting an investigation by military prosecutors. Park has been relieved of his post and has refused to cooperate with the investigation.Military investigators are to transfer a case, involving a troop fatality, to the police if there are signs of any criminal activity in the case.The military has faced accusations that proper safety measures had not been taken for troops deployed in the search operation."With the support of many people, I will faithfully undergo investigations and trials to prove my innocence," Park said after the court decision. "I hope the investigation is carried out well to ensure there is no injustice for the late Corporal Chae."




As a result of a special crackdown on offenders obstructing maritime safety from February 22 to May 31, the Central Regional Maritime Police Agency arrested a total of 263 cases and 280 people.This special crackdown is the 'No. 1 Special Investigation' of the Coast Guard Investigation Bureau, which was launched with the adjustment of the police and police investigation authority. to be.As a result of the crackdown, the most common cases related to ship inspection were 47 cases.There were crackdowns on the expiration of the validity period of the ship inspection, the act of navigating and fishing without a ship inspection, and cases where a ship accident or a temporary inspection after repairing major parts was not performed.
In the field of ship safety, a total of 45 cases were detected, 11 cases of illegal ship extension/renovation, 28 cases of overloading cargo and overcrowding of passengers, and 6 cases of violation of anchoring guidelines (violation of cargo loading standards).In relation to vessel operation, 27 cases were caught, including the captain operating the vessel without a pilot's license, operating the vessel without boarding the vessel the engineer should board, and operating the vessel while intoxicated.As for other safety-impeding acts, a total of 144 cases were cracked down, including 35 cases of non-reporting and unacknowledgment of crew changes, 27 cases of fishing in water zones and routes of trade ports, and 45 cases of unqualified inspection of imports and exports.The special crackdown plans to provide guidance and guidance in case of minor cases, or refer to the Minor Crime Cases Committee to take mitigation measures in cases where the cracked crime is a minor subsistence punishment.“It is judged that this special crackdown has contributed to a significant part in raising the safety awareness of marine workers, and we will continue to crack down on and guide the maritime safety violations that are directly related to the lives of the people,” said an official from the Central Coast Police Agency.








The Central Regional Coast Guard announced that it will strengthen preparations and response postures to prevent marine pollution accidents in the winter from the 5th to February 28th of next year.According to the Central Coast Guard, there is a high possibility of an oil spill accident due to negligence of safety management by marine workers during the winter season and a ship marine pollution accident due to deteriorating weather conditions, and plans to further increase its response posture.During this period, the Central Coast Guard plans to implement measures such as maintaining the emergency response posture of the control forces in the central West Sea, re-examining the cooperation system with local governments and marine pollution-related organizations, and checking the rapid mobilization system of the control forces.In addition, it plans to strengthen management through patrols and promotional activities in vulnerable areas with high risk of accidents, and promptly implement emergency control measures such as preventing the spread of pollutants and blocking the outlet when pollutants leak into the sea.








Freight ship fares are soaring as the U.S. and Yemeni Houthi rebels' fighting in the Red Sea has reached a strong-to-strong structure. It has already risen to the level of 40% of shipping fares, which peaked during the COVID-19 pandemic. Tesla even announced the suspension of operations at its German plant due to disruptions in parts procurement. On the 13th (local time), the U.S. attacked the Houthi rebels' radar facility in Yemen, raising the crisis.

The Red Sea is an elongated sea with Saudi Arabia and Egypt in the east and west directions, respectively. Freight ships from East Asia, including Busan, enter the Bab al-Mandab Strait in the south of the Red Sea, pass through the Suez Canal in the north, and move to the Mediterranean Sea in the south of Europe. Ten percent of the world's maritime container logistics pass through the sea. The amount amounts to 130 trillion won (130 billion U.S. dollars). However, the situation turned sour when the Houthi rebels attacked a merchant ship (商船) passing through the Bab al-Mandab Strait since November last year. It was retaliation against Israel's invasion of Gaza.
Reporter Kim Joo-won

Reporter Kim Joo-won

Global shipping companies have diverted East Asia-Europe routes to the southernmost tip of the African continent to avoid threats. As the shortcut is abandoned, it takes 7 to 10 more days to operate. The longer the ship comes and goes, the more cargoes wait to wait for the next ship. It is the same as the principle that passengers become crowded if the train runs longer at a subway station. It is natural that the shipper who has to send the goods even by paying extra money comes out, and the fare goes up accordingly.

━
container fares have tripled from a year ago

Sea fares on Asia-Europe routes are $3103 per 1 TEU (one 20-foot container with a long side length). This is an 8.1 percent increase from a week ago ($2871). Compared to a year ago ($1050), it nearly tripled. In the first quarter of 2022, when sea fares were at their peak due to COVID-19, the average fare was $7435. This is why some in the shipping industry even say, "The second COVID-19 fare may be reproduced" over the recent surge in fares.
Tesla's factory near Berlin will be shut down for about 10 days from the end of this month. AP=Yonhap News

Tesla's factory near Berlin will be shut down for about 10 days from the end of this month. AP=Yonhap News

Shipping companies are the only ones laughing at rising freight rates. Shippers are concerned about cost burden, and the government is concerned whether it will lead to rising consumer prices. The government recently held a meeting of relevant government ministries and announced measures to secure cargo-only loading space for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). HMM, Korea's largest shipping company, has decided to deploy four ships taking different routes to Europe by next month. Europe is facing difficulties not only in rising costs but also in procuring goods. Tesla, which procures key parts from China, suspended production at its German plant until Nov. 11. Volvo Cars also decided to halt production at its plants in Belgium for three days during the third week of January.

━
"We need to prepare for the plunge in prices from now on."

The drought on the Panama Canal, which mainly passes through the eastern U.S. to Asian routes, is also fueling freight rates to rise. This is because the water level of the canal has been lowered, limiting the passage of cargo ships. Some predict that freight rates will rise until at least May this year if the fighting situation in the Red Sea is not resolved. This is because the water level of the canal is difficult to recover before May, the rainy season in Panama. Normalization of Panama routes → introduction of spare ships to East Asia-Europe routes → Suppression of soaring freight rates is a scenario in which the worst is avoided. "Price distortion caused by external factors such as war and drought could bring another risk of a sharp drop in prices when this factor disappears, so preparations are also needed," said Lee Seok-yong, head of the Smart Shipping Information Center of the Korea Maritime Development Corporation.




PHILIPPINES ACCIDENT. Cargo ship collision with fishing boat in Mindoro. A handout photo made available by the Philippine Coast Guard (PCG) shows the Hong Kong-flagged cargo vessel Vienna Wood anchored near Batangas City pier, after it collided with a local fishing boat off the coast of Mamburao town in Mindoro Occidental province, Philippines, 29 June 2020. According to reports, 14 fishermen went missing after their fishing boat collided for unclear reasons with a cargo vessel on 27 June. 




Six dead and 22 others injured in crane collision at Samsung shipyard

Posted : May 1, 2017, 18:35 Updated : May 1, 2017, 18:35

At least six workers were killed and 22 others were injured Monday after a tower crane collided with another giant crane, sending broken iron structures falling down to an offshore plant under construction at the dock of Samsung Heavy Industries.

The collision was reported in the Samsung shipyard on Koje Island off the southern port city of Busan. Firefighters said three workers were in serious condition at nearby hospitals while 19 others suffered minor injuries.

Samsung Heavy, one of South Korea's three largest shipbuilders, said an 800-ton giant crane collided with a tower crane when dozens of workers were in the dock.





Public criticism arises as deceased Marine deployed without safety gear. By Lee Hae-rin. The Marine Corps is taking flak for deploying its soldiers to search and rescue operations for victims of the recent heavy rain and flooding in Yecheon, North Gyeongsang Province, without proper safety equipment. The Marine lance corporal, who was swept away by a torrent on Wednesday morning, was found dead 14 hours later. "Life vests were not given to members who were in the operation near a stream," Lt. Col. Choi Yong-sun, a Marine Corps spokesperson, said during a press briefing at the defense ministry in Seoul, adding that the military branch is conducting a probe into decisions made at the time and plans to supplement related rules and guidelines.
In response to the floods and landslides caused by recent torrential rains, the defense ministry deployed 12,000 soldiers to 44 regions including Yecheon, with 640 items of equipment for search and rescue operations nationwide on Thursday. The lance corporal, Chae Su-geun disappeared into the Naeseong stream rapids in Yecheon County, on the second day of his deployment for the underwater search operations there. His body was discovered some 5.8 kilometers downstream from where he first went missing. When asked whether the Marine has any emergency rescue safety manuals and guidelines, the spokesperson confirmed the armed forces have a disaster scene action guideline, but declined to reveal its content. Chae's death triggered public criticism regarding the Marine Corps' safety regulations on deployment to search and rescue operations. The Seoul-based Military Human Rights Center denounced the Marine Corps in a released statement, Thursday that the fallen soldier, an artilleryman whose original duty would have been foot patrol instead of in-water search operations, was forced on an inappropriate mission without proper equipment, possibly due to pressure from superiors. The center called for extensive investigations into the emergency rescue command system of the defense ministry and the Marine Corps, questioning why the armed forces enforced such impractical and unfeasible rescue plans. President Yoon Suk Yeol also offered his condolences over the death of the fallen Marine, Thursday. "I express my sincere condolences to L. Cpl. Chae Su-geun's death in the line of duty," Yoon said in a message delivered by the presidential spokesperson Lee Do-woon. "The government will thoroughly investigate the cause of the accident to ensure such incidents do not happen again," he said, adding that the government will treat the lance corporal with the utmost respect as a person of national merit. The Marine Corps posthumously promoted Chae for his service by one rank from Marine lance corporal to corporal.




US Navy Orders Broad Investigation Into Destroyer Collision

The U.S. Navy has ordered a broad investigation into the performance and readiness of the Pacific-based 7th Fleet after one of its destroyers collided with an oil tanker near Singapore.

The incident left 10 U.S. sailors missing and five others injured.

The USS John S. McCain was on its way to Singapore for a routine visit when the accident occurred early Monday morning.

The chief of naval operations, Admiral John Richardson, also ordered a pause in operations to allow officials to identify any immediate steps that need to be taken to ensure safety.

It was the second major collision in two months - in June, seven sailors died when the USS Fitzgerald and a container ship collided in waters off Japan.




Fisheries, marine experts could be sent to monitor Fukushima release: official By Kim Han-joo. SEOUL, Aug. 29 (Yonhap) -- Fisheries and marine specialists could be included in a team of experts that South Korea sends to Japan's crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant to monitor the ongoing release of contaminated water, an official said Tuesday.
The two countries have earlier agreed on regular visits by South Korean experts to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) field office located in Fukushima after President Yoon Suk Yeol asked Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida to include South Korean experts in monitoring the Fukushima water release.Three experts from the Korea Institute of Nuclear Safety (KINS) have been on a visit to Fukushima after the release began Thursday, according to Park Ku-yeon, the first deputy chief of the Office for Government Policy Coordination, during a daily briefing on the Fukushima issue."The experts are holding meetings with IAEA officials regularly," Park said, adding that it is the government's goal to send experts once every two weeks during the early stage of the release.Park also said the experts to be sent to the IAEA office in the future will mostly be KINS officials but could include experts in fisheries products or the ocean sector.The two sides have also agreed that the IAEA will share the latest information regarding the release plan with the Seoul government and will hold video conferences regularly.




SK hynix’s bio image sensorSK hynix is poised to commercialize its newly developed bio image sensor, aiming to secure a stronger position in the global market by not only focusing on mainstream smartphone and automotive image sensors but also pioneering unique product lines.On Nov. 21, it was reported that SK hynix unveiled its bio image sensor at the SK Tech Summit 2023 held at the COEX convention center in the Gangnam district of Seoul. This sensor, a 50-megapixel product, features the world’s smallest pixel size of 0.56 micrometers. An image sensor, akin to the human eye, is a semiconductor chip. SK hynix has modified the structure of traditional camera image sensors to create this bio sensor. The most significant change is in the microlens structure placed over each pixel, adjusted to account for the different light paths and qualities detected by sensors used in mobile, automotive, and mixed reality cameras.Operating devices equipped with SK hynix’s special image sensor is straightforward. When light is shone on a sample, the sensor detects the transmitted light, enabling the identification of material states. For example, it can precisely differentiate between microorganism movements and floating microplastics in marine pollution water samples. SK hynix claims this sensor can replace biological microscopes.The bio image sensor is a “digital essence.” When devices with this sensor are connected to personal computers (PCs) or information technology (IT) devices, much more detailed images can be obtained. Everything is manipulated digitally, offering simplicity and intuitiveness. Furthermore, it allows magnification down to 1 micrometer, enabling detailed observation of objects. An SK hynix official explained, “This image sensor can observe 80% of the range of a conventional microscope and is cheaper compared to advanced biological microscopes that use complex optical systems.”SK hynix developed its bio image sensor in collaboration with domestic company SME SOL. A prototype is expected to hit the market by the end of the year, with plans to ramp up production. The company intends to embed artificial intelligence (AI) algorithms in the device by collaborating with SK semiconductor affiliates, allowing it to analyze hidden data in samples.SK hynix’s venture into the special image sensor market reflects the semiconductor industry’s shift towards a variety era of small-quantity production. While currently about 60% of image sensor revenue comes from mobile devices such as smartphones, the rise of AI and the Internet of Things has expanded the usage of image sensors in various fields.At the moment, SK hynix holds less than 5% of global image sensor market share. To compete with industry leaders like Sony, which holds a 50% share, and Samsung Electronics, the company is actively exploring various applications for image sensors and targeting niche markets. SK hynix had previously established a dedicated image sensor research and development center in Japan in 2019 to enhance technology and identify new applications.Jasmine Choipr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Gyeongsangnam-do submits the first supplementary budget of KRW 552.9 billion.
Response to economic crisis for people's livelihood, strengthening the safety and health network of residents, fostering new growth engine industries, etc. [Break News = Reporter Ojisan] Gyeongnam Province submitted the first supplementary budget bill worth 552.9 billion won to the provincial council to urgently respond to the government's supplementary budget and to restore the livelihood economy, including support for small businesses.The total budget is 11,883.1 billion won including this supplementary budget. This supplementary budget is organized as a customized support budget for each sector, including support for damage to small businesses and small businesses, welfare support for the vulnerable, rapid response in accordance with the enforcement of the Serious Disaster Punishment Act, and reinforcement of the safety net for residents. The main details of the first supplementary budget for 2022 are as follows. ▲ 158 billion won in response to economic crises, including support for small business owners and SMEs. Support for the issuance of city and county love gift certificates 22.4 billion won, secondary compensation 10 billion won due to the expansion of support for small and medium-sized businesses, secondary compensation for policy funds for small businesses 6.6 billion won, credit guarantee fee support for small businesses 1.3 billion won, small business environment improvement support for small businesses 1.6 billion won, intercity bus 15 billion won in financial support for the company was organized. 83.4 billion won in living support expenses for quarantined and inpatients due to the rapid increase in Omicron confirmed cases, 12.4 billion won in income stabilization funds for corporate taxi and bus drivers, 6.5 billion won in special support for young people for a limited time in monthly rent to reduce the burden of housing expenses for young people, Youngrim support in overcoming COVID-19 Invest 2 billion won in the voucher. ▲ 146.3 billion won in strengthening the safety and health network of residents, including the Serious Disaster Punishment Act and Corona 19 response. In order to prevent industrial accidents following the enforcement of the Serious Accident Punishment Act, 1.8 billion won was organized, including the operation of the Occupational Safety and Health Guard Team. 3 billion won for life treatment center operation, 5.3 billion won for rapid antigen test kit support for vulnerable groups, 1.7 billion won for local quarantine job projects to support daily life quarantine in public facilities, 3.3 billion won for temporary support for COVID-19 response personnel at public health centers, modernization of facilities at Masan Medical Center 1.9 billion won will be allocated to strengthen the health and health system of residents. In addition, CCTV and public toilet emergency bell installation for crime prevention 900 million won, disaster risk area maintenance 5 billion won, road expansion and pavement 45.7 billion won, road facility maintenance 3.3 billion won, curved road improvement 3 billion won, sewage installation and management Additional budgets were allocated to support the safe daily life of residents, including 25.7 billion won and 6.1 billion won for the replacement of fire trucks, ambulances and firefighting equipment. ▲ Welfare support for the vulnerable, such as the disabled and children 77.2 billion won. The budget for welfare support for the underprivileged includes KRW 50.7 billion in medical expenses support for medical benefit recipients, KRW 8.2 billion in service support such as assistance to the disabled, KRW 2.4 billion in support for raising children with disabilities, and KRW 1.7 billion in support for the developmentally disabled. Childcare support project 1.5 billion won, child protection agency operation 300 million won, self-reliance settlement support for children who have ended protection 200 million won, youth protection and activity support such as after-school academy, 500 million won, youth job search activity allowance 900 million won, youth The budget for each age group, from children to young people, was reflected, including the rental housing supply project of 700 million won. ▲ Gyeongnam Future New Growth Engine Industry Development KRW 44.4 billion. To attract companies to Gyeongnam, a budget of 18.8 billion won in local investment promotion subsidies and 1.2 billion won in investment subsidies for companies returning to Korea was established. In addition, 5.3 billion won to build a Tongyeong hydrogen transportation complex to lay the foundation for a hydrogen production base, 3.5 billion won to create an aviation MRO industrial complex, 2.6 billion won to support all-cycle technology to improve the durability of hydrogen electric vehicle parts, and 2.1 billion won to the next-generation smart factory regulation free zone using 5G this is put in. In addition, the budget was reflected in new industries such as materials, parts and energy that will lead the future of Gyeongnam, such as 400 million won for operation of a specialized material parts and equipment complex and 400 million won for manpower training project, 100 million won for small module nuclear power plant development support, and 300 million won for building a base for ultra-high voltage DC-based power equipment. . ▲ 54 billion won in support for agriculture, forestry, marine and livestock industries 10.5 billion won for the Fishing Village New Deal 300 project, 1 billion won for the island care project where you want to live, and 1.4 billion won for the maintenance of fishing port facilities. Drainage improvement including installation of a drainage pumping station on farmland, KRW 7.7 billion, support for export logistics costs of agricultural products KRW 1 billion, support for building dormitories for foreign workers to secure rural manpower KRW 900 million, water development project for drought 600 million KRW, support for installation of quarantine facilities to prevent the inflow of African swine fever 7 The budget was increased for agriculture, forestry, marine and livestock industries, including KRW 100 million and installation of quarantine infrastructure such as CCTV KRW 700 million. Gyeongnam Provincial Governor Ha Byung-pil said, “This supplementary budget has been formulated with a focus on overcoming COVID-19, revitalizing the local economy, and strengthening the safety net for residents. said. This supplementary budget will be finalized on the 25th after deliberation by the provincial council to be held from March 16th.




Terminal Continuing Overseas Food BusinessPOSCO International’s grain terminal in Ukraine is continuing its overseas food business through a partial operation without suffering damage.The volume of grain handled by the grain terminal in 2022 stood at 310,000 tons, down by more than half from 760,000 tons in 2021. The operation of the terminal was temporarily suspended due to port blockades immediately after the breakout of the war. But at the request of customers concerned about a supply chain collapse, the grain terminal has been exporting corn, rye, and barley to Europe and Africa through overland transportation since May 2022. Currently, a total of 16,000 tons of grain remaining at the terminal will be shipped by March.Fighting continues in southeastern Ukraine, including Kherson near the grain terminal, but the grain terminal located in Mykolaiv has not been damaged so far. According to the guidelines of the Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Korean employees of POSCO International are working remotely in Poland. The terminal is run by 30 to 40 local employees. All the employees put their safety first, ship grain only during the daytime, and take a shelter in the terminal during an air raid warning.POSCO International decided to strengthen exchanges and cooperation by selecting promising local farming companies in Ukraine in order to expedite the expansion of value chains after the war while preparing for normalization through emergency terminal operation for the time being. In addition, it plans to seek to make additional investment in inland storage facilities to advance into the grain processing business where demand is on the rise and to expand grain imports to Korea.Yoon Young-silpr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Defense Minister Lee Jong-sup has offered to resign amid criticisms of the ministry's controversial handling of investigations into the death of a Marine during a search-and-rescue operation.The move came as the main opposition Democratic Party of Korea (DPK) seeks to pass a motion on impeaching the minister, which will suspend him from his job and freeze President Yoon Suk Yeol's authority to replace him for months until the Constitutional Court makes a decision. The ruling bloc claims the decision is to prevent a leadership vacuum in the military amid North Korea's evolving missile and nuclear threats, while the DPK argues that Lee's resignation is not enough, dropping hints at further political offensives on the issue.A local broadcaster first reported, Tuesday, that Lee had expressed to the presidential office his intention to resign. Lee said it was his decision to "prevent a vacuum in national security" because "it will be a hefty burden for the government if I offer to resign before the impeachment attempt."The presidential office said it will not confirm until the final decision is reached, but an official at the office noted that "there will be a detailed explanation on the background of this matter, how a successor was chosen, and how policies will unfold."Lee has been facing criticism over the death of Corporal Chae Su-geun, a 20-year-old Marine who died in July when he was swept away by a swift current while searching for missing residents near a stream.Opposition lawmakers have been alleging that the minister used his influence on the Marine Corps' initial probe into Chae's death and attempted to prevent the investigation from being transferred to the police.Also, the resignation offer came amid speculation that Yoon may replace Lee as well as the culture and gender equality ministers as early as this week to refresh his control on state affairs. Sources said multiple candidates, including ruling People Power Party (PPP) Rep. Shin Won-sik, have already gone through vetting processes.Gaining attention is the timing of Lee's replacement. In recent weeks, the DPK has been discussing Lee's impeachment, and said Tuesday, just minutes before Lee's intention to resign was reported, that it would propose the impeachment motion during its lawmakers' meeting on Thursday.Since the DPK holds the majority of seats in the National Assembly, it could pass the motion unilaterally. The National Assembly Act stipulates that the person against whom the motion has been passed will be suspended from exercising power, and the president cannot dismiss or accept the person's resignation.The suspension would continue until the Constitutional Court makes its verdict on the motion, which usually takes months, meaning the defense ministry could be left without a chief for months.The Yoon administration has already experienced a similar case, when Minister of the Interior and Safety Lee Sang-min faced an impeachment motion over a deadly crowd disaster that killed at least 158 people in central Seoul's Itaewon last year. He had been suspended from his job for 167 days until the Constitutional Court rejected the motion in July.Following reports that Lee has offered to resign, the DPK said his resignation is not enough, and further fact-finding efforts are required on the Marine's death."We believe that the resignation by the minister himself, not a dismissal, isn't enough," DPK floor spokesperson Rep. Kim Han-kyu said.Kim said it would become impossible to impeach the minister if he resigns. "We still believe that we have to find what happened and those who are responsible need to be punished," he added."Since a special counsel probe on Lee is already tabled, we will ask questions about the issue during Wednesday's Legislation and Judiciary Committee session, and will continue digging into this case even if the defense minister is replaced."The PPP is viewing Lee's resignation as an effort to prevent a vacuum in the country's national security.PPP senior spokesperson Rep. Yoo Sang-bum said in a radio interview with broadcaster MBC Tuesday that if "the minister resigns before the impeachment, the subject of impeachment is gone, making the attempt meaningless."He added, "If the DPK is willing to impeach (the minister) despite the anticipated vacuum in the country's national security, such a way (having the minister resign) can be considered, inevitably."




 






GERMANY ACCIDENTS SHIP COLLISION

100-meter-long ship 'Siderfly' (L) is seen near the embankment of the Kiel Canal near Brunsbuettel, Germany, 28 October 2013. In the early morning, the 'Siderfly' collided with 16-meter-long 'Coral Ivory' due to unknown reasons.




The Korean Ministry of Education said Friday that only "safety-confirmed" marine products are being used in students' meals, addressing parents' growing concerns over school food ingredients after Japan began its release of treated radioactive water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant this week. "The government puts the safety and health of our people first and is thoroughly checking the process in three levels starting from the sea to enable the production and distribution of safe marine products in Korea," the Education Ministry said in a statement Friday. According to the ministry, as a result of surveying 11,843 elementary, middle, high and special schools from March 2021 to May this year, there was no case of schools using Japanese seafood products. On Thursday, Japan began its discharge of contaminated water from the ruined Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant into the Pacific Ocean accordingly to plan, which has raised concerns for the Korean public, including parents worried about the safety of ingredients in their kids' schooltime meals. The government said it has conducted radiation tests on about 80,000 seafood products since 2011. A massive earthquake and tsunami struck Japan on March 11, 2011, causing a meltdown at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant. Korea banned seafood imports from eight Japanese prefectures near Fukushima since 2013 over concerns over their radiation levels following the nuclear meltdown in 2011. The Education Ministry said that it complies with the quality control standards for food ingredients under the School Meals Act, so that safe and quality ingredients can be used in school lunches. The ministry said that it is implementing "systematic management" of this process by identifying the country of origin and quality level of food ingredients through deliberation by schools' steering committees, in which parents participate. "We will continue to focus on student health and safety and work closely with related ministries and local education offices to strengthen management so that safe and high-quality ingredients are provided in school meals," an Education Ministry official said Friday.





The Marine Corps came under fire Thursday after it was found that the troops conducted search and rescue operations for missing people without personnel wearing life vests.
A young Marine was found dead Wednesday evening, 12 hours after being swept away during a search operation for missing people in Yecheon, North Gyeongsang Province.
Marines were deployed to search for five missing people in the Yecheon-gun area after the region was hit by a landslide on July 15. During the operation, Lance Cpl. Chae Su-geun from the First Marine Division’s artillery battalion was swept away by a rapid stream at around 9:10 a.m. His body was discovered downstream at 11:08 p.m. Witnesses say that Chae screamed for help as he was swept away. Two other Marines also fell into the river but were able to swim to safety. “According to the initial report, the Marines were standing without life jackets in a single line in the river. Some were even submerged up to their waists. If these reports are true, this incident was clearly caused by human error,” said an official from the Center for Military Human Rights Korea. “Military personnel may be deployed in civil support missions during national disasters, but it is dangerous to entrust non-commissioned officers with no relevant experience to conduct their own operations.”The Marine Corps expressed their condolences to Chae's family and launched a probe into the accident. The Marine Corps’ disaster safety management unit was also carrying out a safety assessment of personnel deployed in recovery efforts to make necessary improvements. On Thursday, President Yoon Suk Yeol also offered his condolences over Chae's death."I express my sincere condolences over Lance Cpl. Chae Su-geun's death in the line of duty," said Yoon in a message relayed by presidential spokesperson Lee Do-woon. Yoon also promised that the government will honor the Marine as a person of national merit. Rescue operations in Yecheon-gun resumed at 5 a.m. Thursday after being suspended after the Marine’s disappearance.





Investigations into the sunken ferry Sewol are revealing the extent of cronyism among ship owners and safety inspectors.Allegations of this culture in play is behind a lax safety check of the Sewol ferry which went to sea on the evening of April 15 without important safety standards in place, said investigators.Also, inspectors at the port are employed by the Korea Shipping Association (KSA), a private entity that represents the interests of the ship owner members, which the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries commissioned to carry out inspections.In exchange, the KSA has a custom of reserving executive appointments at the association exclusively for retiring high-ranking ministry officials. The incumbent president of the KSA was a former second vice minister.The close ties between crewmembers and the KSA has been described as “Marifia,” a portmanteau derived from maritime and mafia.Prof. Kim Gil-soo, who teaches maritime transportation science at the Korea Maritime and Ocean University, finds this cozy relationship hardly surprising.“They’re like a family. It’s hard for the KSA to make thorough inspections and a safety checks,” Kim said.The focus of investigations into the Korean Register of Shipping is reportedly an inspection of the ship when it was renovated two years ago at the expense of safety.Chonghaejin Marine is a member of the registry office and its chief is surnamed Kim who is in charge of the inspection of ships such as the Sewol. He is a retired ministry official.
There is a growing consensus that a thorough inspection could have prevented the tragedy, experts say.Vehicles on the ferry were only tethered with two ropes, while four are required by ship safety standards for a passenger vehicle.Prosecutors are looking into cargo containers, which are required to be properly secured on the deck to ensure they do not slide during a voyage.Cargo and vehicles were loaded on the first and second decks of the ship, while passengers were on the third deck and above. The third deck is where most student passengers remained.The ferry also gave false information on the number of vehicles and quantity of cargo it had on board.A report submitted to the KSA says 150 vehicles and cargo weighing 667 tons were onboard, while the actual numbers were higher: 18 extra vehicles and containers weighing 1,157 tons.An official at the ministry of oceans and fisheries said that although crewmembers are mainly responsible for using fewer ropes than required, the violation should have been noticed by an inspector whose job it is to make sure the tethering on vehicles and containers onboard a vessel meets standards. 




MAURITIUS TRANSPORT ACCIDENT MV WAKASHIO SHIP. Crewmen killed in salvage operation of MV Wakashio, Mauritius. Liferafts are inspected as a Mauritius Coast guard search and rescue operation is underway for survivors, following a marine accident, in Pointe d'Esny, Mauritius, 01 September 2020 (issued 02 September 2020). Two crew members of a tugboat involved in salvage operations on the MV Wakashio died after a collision with a barge. Four other crew members were rescued by the Coast guard, with two are still missing.




SEOUL, April 25 (Yonhap) -- South Korea's military on Monday took custody of a Marine draftee who flew to Poland without approval about a month ago apparently to support Ukraine in its fight against Russia.The military police captured him upon his arrival back home earlier in the day, according to the Marine Corps.The man, whose name was withheld from the media, left for Poland on March 21. He later attempted to enter Ukraine via the Polish border but was denied access to the war-torn country.South Korean military officials and diplomats had since tried to persuade him to return home. They could not force him to fly back home in a region outside South Korea's jurisdiction."We will take steps in a stern manner in accordance with law and regulations, after investigating why he had left his area of duty," the Marine Corps said in a statement.By law, active service members must get prior approval before traveling overseas during vacation. Otherwise, they can be punished for desertion.South Korea has banned its citizens from traveling to Ukraine since mid-February amid safety concerns.






Democratic Party Contaminated Water Marine Dumping Countermeasures Committee “People’s power to call contaminated water ‘treated water’, for whom is it a political party?”The power of the people, no longer a threat to national safety... We must stop the treacherous act of trampling on the pride of the peopleAt a press conference on the 10th, the Democratic Party of Korea Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant Polluted Water Marine Dumping Countermeasures Committee (Chairperson Wie Sung-gon) said, “The government plans to change the official term ‘contaminated water’ from the Fukushima nuclear power plant to ‘treated water’. As the controversy continued, he denied that there had been no review on whether to change the term for contaminated water,” he said. “There is no science, national interest, or national dignity in changing the term for contaminated water. The power of the people hopes to stop the traitorous acts that threaten the safety of the people and trample on the pride of the people.”The Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant Contaminated Water Disposal Countermeasures Committee said, “The matter related to the contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan is always controversial. When President Yoon Seok-yeol's remarks that he would make the Korean people understand when he visited Japan were reported in the Japanese media, the president's office denied it. It was denied that it was not an evaluation team,” he pointed out.The Countermeasures Committee for Preventing Marine Dumping of Contaminated Water from Nuclear Power Plants said, “The power of the people, 'Protection of Our Seas Verification TF' is more spectacle. At the first meeting on May 9, an opinion was suggested to call contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant as treated water, and Chairman Seong Il-jong also appeared on the air as if responding to this and said, 'Wouldn't it be right to use it as treated water?' directly hit who the party was for.The Polluted Water Marine Dumping Countermeasures Committee said, “TF leader Seong Il-jong compared the amount of tritium emitted from nuclear power plants operated by some nuclear power plants in the National Defense Commission’s pending inquiry on April 6, and concluded that nuclear contaminated water discharged from the Fukushima nuclear power plant is safe. “The type of radioactive material emitted from a normal nuclear power plant and the type of radioactive material generated when a nuclear power plant explodes due to melted nuclear fuel are obviously different. There is no need to mention the danger.”The countermeasure committee said, “There is a saying that if you stay still, you will go even in the middle. “The head of the ruling party’s Fukushima nuclear power plant contaminated water TF is doing what a spokesperson for Japan’s Tokyo Electric Power Company, who has no common sense or public safety, is saying,” he said. he harshly criticized.“In the data released by Tokyo Electric Power, about 70% of the total contaminated water, excluding 34%, is contaminated with radioactive materials up to 19,909 times the standard value,” he said. It is contaminated with tritium and carbon 14, which cannot be filtered out by ALPS, and the contaminated water contains radioactive substances such as uranium 238, plutonium 239, and americium 241, which are not emitted in normal nuclear power plants.”In addition, “the reliability of the Multi-Nuclide Removal System (ALPS) that treats contaminated water is also a problem. International experts pointed out that the multi-nuclide removal facility did not operate properly until 2018, and TEPCO acknowledged this,” he said. paraphrased.The Committee for Countermeasures Against Marine Dumping of Contaminated Water from Nuclear Power Plants asked, “Is it in accordance with common sense that the ruling party will agree with Japan’s position and change the official term ‘contaminated water’ in this situation?” , there is no nationality. The power of the people strongly urged to stop the traitorous acts that threaten the safety of the people and trample on the pride of the people.”
Meanwhile, members of the Minjoo Party of Korea's Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant Contaminated Water Marine Dumping Countermeasures Committee are Wi Seong-gon (Chairman), Yang Won-young Yang, Kim Seung-won, Kim Won-i, Kim Hoi-jae, Park Beom-gye, Yoon Young-deok, Yoon Jae-gap, Yoon Jun-byeong, Lee Won-wook, Lee Jang-seop, Lee Jeong-moon, Jeon Yong-ki, Joo Cheol-hyeon, and Choi Ki-sang.








Incheon Maritime Police Station (Chief Sang-chun Park) will strengthen coastal water safety management from July 14 to 17 to prevent coastal accidents and damage to coastal facilities in preparation for the contrast period.The contrast period is the period of the month when the difference between the tides is greatest, and it is around the full moon and the eve of the lunar calendar.According to the Korea Oceanographic Research Institute, the water surface will rise up to 949 cm higher than the basic level due to the influence of the supermoon that brings the moon and the Earth closer to the seawater that expanded due to the summer heat this July. Accordingly, the Incheon Coast Guard is planning to prevent marine accidents by issuing a ‘warning’ stage of the risk forecasting system and providing safety information such as road signboards in cooperation with related organizations.In addition, it is planned to strengthen the overall safety management of the coastal waters by providing information broadcasting using electronic signs and broadcasting devices at police boxes, and strengthening patrols in the low-lying areas of the coastal area and in the harbor area, which are vulnerable to flooding.An official from the Incheon Coast Guard said, "To prevent safety accidents caused by sea level rise, fishermen and vacationers refrain from entering the beach, and marine workers are urged to check safety frequently in case of a ship inundation or capsize."







CHINA BRIDGE. Shanghai-Nantong Yangtze River Bridge. A man works on the Shanghai-Nantong Yangtze River Bridge in Nantong, Jiangsu Province, China, 16 May 2018. Due for completion in 2019, the Shanghai-Nantong Yangtze River Bridge will take its place in the list of mega-bridges. Pylon of the bridge will be with 325 m height the tallest pylon on earth. Shanghai-Changjiang River Bridge is a new Shanghai-controlled railway project, with total length of 11,072 meters. The link will be the world's tallest dual-use cable-stayed bridge, with main span of 1,092 meters. The bridge is divided into two layers, the lower with 4-line railway, the upper with 6-lane highway. Diamond-type concrete bridge pylons are 325 meters high. Based on the world's largest deep water sink foundation equivalent to 12 basketball courts and 115 meters depth. The bridge can withstand the impact of a force 14 typhoon , magnitude 8 earthquake, and the collision of 100 000 dwt ship.The new traffic link is part of the efforts to create a new economic zone around Shanghai, China's trade centre and home to some 25 million people. When completed, the bridge will cut journey time between Shanghai and Nantong from two hours to one. 




2 Korean tourists missing in Thailand boat collision
Written :2014-10-20 10:39:51 KST
Updated : 2023-03-30 15:17:13 KST

 Two Korean tourists are missing  after the boat they were traveling on  crashed into a large fishing vessel off Thailand's western coast.
  Local police say  the tourist speedboat was carrying a total of 42 people, including 34 tourists and three crew members, from Phi Phi island to Phuket.
Marine police were able to rescue 27 of those on board the tourist boat  while villagers on boats retrieved eight others.
An official from the Korean Embassy in Thailand identified the missing  as a 31-year-old man with the family name Ko  and a 28-year-old woman with the surname Ahn.
Police say bad weather conditions could likely have caused the collision  and they are questioning the speedboat's crew and the fishing boat's captain for further details. 




The ROK Marine Corps announced Friday morning that an investigation committee was formed immediately after Tuesday's accident,  and that it is likely to include private aircraft experts as recommended by the families of the victims. The investigation committee has been gathering witness testimonies and footage of the crash,  and is attempting to retrieve the helicopter's blackbox. A marine official told Arirang News Friday afternoon,  that the crashed helicopter had been regularly checked for safety every fifty hours it flew,.. and it had logged just over 150 hours of flight history.The official said the level of vibrations during the helicopter's flight got worse from the end of June,  so it went through additional repairs and maintenance for about two weeks in early July.Tuesday afternoon's fatal test flight came,  as experienced marine helicopter pilots as well as other marines were attempting to see if the vibration issue has been resolved.  The helicopter hovered for about five minutes at the height of three-point-three meters,  before taking off,.. but it crashed only a few seconds after it took off, as its rotor blades fell off.The marine official also said,   the investigation committee is considering including foreign aircraft experts,  who have investigated a similar helicopter crash in Norway in 2016,  where a helicopter's rotor blades detached,.. killing 13 people.South Korea's defense chief has also expressed his deepest condolences over the incident and vowed it would be investigated thoroughly.In a statement on Thursday evening,  minister Song Young-moo also wished the marine who was badly injured in the crash a full and speedy recovery.Vice defense minister Suh Choo-suk also met with the bereaved family members Friday afternoon to closely listen to their opinions.The amphibious MUH-1 chopper was exclusively developed for the Marines by Korea Aerospace Industries, which delivered four of them earlier this year.








May 1 is Labor Day. It is a day to recognize the importance of labor and to cheer workers for their hard work. But does our society respect labor? The Sewol disaster once again plainly revealed the stark reality of labor in our society.One thing we confirmed during the Sewol tragedy was that the thought that capital is superior to labor does not change easily. Cheonghaejin Marine Company, the owner of Sewol, refused to support the funeral costs of two part-time workers who fell victim to the accident. They claimed that they could not provide financial assistance because the part-time workers were not a member of the cooperation. We are speechless at the miserable death of the part-time workers who find themselves discriminated against even after their death, but when we recall how the company had left their names out of the list of crew members from the start, it's no wonder.The Sewol tragedy exposed the naked face of South Korea as an underdeveloped country when it comes to safety, the greed of capital which only knows money, and the filthy power which conspires with such capital, in its true image. The citizens and workers, who should come before everything else, did not exist. Cheonghaejin Marine Company purchased an old boat 18-years-old, increased the number of passengers they could board by expanding the cabin, and concentrated on making money by loading more cargo than the legal limit.The government, which should have cracked down on these actions succumbed to high-salary positions and some bribe money. Although the company should have created a unified organizational structure of the crew given the perilous journey, capital divided the workers by filling 19 positions among the 33 crew members including the captain with temporary workers in order to save costs. Not all temporary workers in our society neglect their responsibilities, but it is also true that it is difficult to expect them to fulfill their roles when labor has been incapacitated. Some statements claim that Cheonghaejin Marine Company went one step further and interfered with the establishment of a labor union and isolated workers who opposed management.The arrogance of capital does not exist only in the Sewol tragedy. A few days ago, another person died among the workers laid off by Ssangyong Motor, to bring the total death toll to 25. Temporary workers are dying from a series of accidents at places like Hyundai Heavy Industries. Nevertheless, capital dismisses this as routine. They fail to reflect ever so slightly on their unethical practices of outsourcing positions which are responsible for guaranteeing safety or of hiring temporary workers to do the job. Workers face low wages, long working hours, and job insecurity, but the social safety net is as vulnerable as ever.The series of tragedies remind us that the biggest obstacle to a safe society is capital which puts the highest priority on profit. Yet the government and capital act as if deregulation is the solution to every problem in our society. It is the power of a unified people which can correct such distorted awareness. If we fail to realize that labor comes before the market even after experiencing the pain of the heartbreaking Sewol tragedy, the significance of this year's Labor Day is bound to fade.






 










SPAIN MERCHANT SHIP FISHERMEN COLLISION

The Singaporean flag vehicles carrier ship 'Baltic Breeze' arrives to the port of Vigo after being involved in a collision with a fishing ship at the estuary of Vigo that left three fishermen dead, in the north-western province of Galicia, Spain, 01 April 2014. Three crew members died and two still missing after their ship 'Mar de Marin' crashed against the merchant vessel and sank immediately after. Other five fishermen were rescued alive by a customs vigilance motorboat.








Yeosu Coast Guard Detects Vessels Violating Crew Standards and Exceeding CapacityMarine Detective Team (Second Detective Division) caught 7 maritime safety offenses during the month of August The Yeosu Maritime Police Station said on the 1st that it had caught marine safety violations one after another, such as violating crew standards and exceeding capacity.According to the Coast Guard, the maritime detective team (Second Detective Division) conducted an intensive crackdown on offenders that violated maritime safety for a month in August, and discovered a total of seven ships that were operating due to sailing standards and overboarding.
On the 28th, during maritime criminal activities, Captain B (male in 60s) of work ship A (41 tons, loaded in Yeosu), who was preparing for port construction at Gwangyang Port, boarded the ship with more than 2 people on board, according to the ship inspection certificate. He was found guilty of violating the Ship Safety Act.The ship corporate representative of the working ship A is also being accused of violating the boarding standards by not having the chief engineer on board.On the other hand, the captain of the working ship, Mr. B, was put into the offshore construction site and immediately conducted an on-site investigation in the investigation room of the Criminal Mobility Boat (Criminal Division 2) considering the circumstances in which it was difficult to attend the police station.





A local court has rejected the prosecution’s warrant request to arrest Medytox CEO Jung Hyun-ho on charges of illegally manufacturing and distributing Meditoxin, a botulinum toxin product.Medytox headquarters in Samsung-dong, SeoulAccording to industry sources, the Cheongju District Court turned down the warrant request, noting that Jung has a permanent place of residence and has little possibility of fleeing or destroying evidence.The prosecution requested the arrest warrant alleging that Medytox had manipulated the results of the tests on Meditoxin's ingredient and titer testing to obtain approval from the National Institute of Food and Drug Safety Evaluation to ship the products. Prosecutors summoned Jung for investigation on March 22.An executive of Medytox, who was arrested earlier for the same charges, reportedly admitted to most of the charges at the first trial last Tuesday.tweetJeong Sae-imsame@docdocdoc.co.krSee Other ArticlesCopyright © KBR Unauthorized reproduction, redistribution prohibited




More Questions Raised Than Answered Over Sunken Ship. As hopes are dimming over the rescue of 46 missing sailors, a host of questions have been raised over the mysterious explosion that caused the 1,200-ton Navy ship Cheonan to break in half Friday night.The captain, Commander Choi Won-il, said the vessel broke in two five minutes after the blast, as he was assessing the situation.The Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS) said 60 percent of the entire ship was underwater 20 minutes after the explosion as water rushed into the body.In this regard, Minister of National Defense Kim Tae-young said that Choi was probably mistaken as a Thermal Observation Device would have given him the wrong information, indicating that the ship was split in half before sinking.Questions have also been raised why no new survivors, nor any bodies, have been found since 58 of the ship's 104 crew members were rescued Friday night.Observers said fierce waves have hampered efforts to find more survivors and most of the missing personnel would have been trapped inside their rapidly sinking vessel, which consists of more than 100 compartments.They pointed out that the lack of escape drills and the timing of the incident are attributable to the low-survival rate. ``Unless you are in Special Forces, most crewmen participate in an escape drill once or twice a year,'' a Navy officer said on condition of anonymity. ``It also appears that they panicked as the entire ship shook after the explosion, when they were either resting or preparing to go to bed.'' Another lingering question is why a nearby patrol ship fired a warning shot toward the North soon after the tragic sinking.In this regard, the JSC said one of their ships had fired on a radar contact that turned out to be a flock of birds.Some military experts, however, point out that the chance of firing warning shots at a flock of birds is unlikely, as the Navy's patrol ships are equipped with sophisticated radar devices.Meanwhile, military officials were narrowing down the possibility to the vessel's collision with a rock, a torpedo attack from outside forces, including North Korea, or an internal explosion due to the missiles and explosives the ship was carrying.The Navy plans to salvage the vessel for inspection to determine what caused the incident, a process that may take at least 20 days, officials said.Experts say if the blast took place within the vessel, the steel of the hull should be bent outward; If a hole was made due to an external force or impact, the steel of the hull should be bent inward.The ship, first deployed in 1989, was equipped with missiles and torpedoes, according to officials.





Pohang Maritime Police Station conducts national safety inspection of maritime facilities The Pohang Maritime Police Station (Chief Han Sang-cheol) announced on the 26th that it will conduct a national safety inspection to prevent large-scale marine pollution accidents targeting marine facilities for 54 days from September 6 to October 29.The safety inspection will examine the preparedness and response posture for marine pollution accidents and the implementation of safety management for seven oil and hazardous material storage facilities with a capacity of 300 ㎘ or more and one large-scale coal cargo handling facility, and disclose the results.In particular, in relation to the spread of COVID-19, two storage facilities with a high risk of large-scale marine pollution accidents over 8,000 ㎘ will be jointly inspected with related organizations and the remaining six will be self-inspected.The Pohang Maritime Police Station has been promoting the national safety inspection of marine facilities since 2015, and last year, it diagnosed and improved 13 safety problems in 6 locations, including cracks in the oil barriers of storage tanks.An official from the Pohang Maritime Police Station said, “As a large-scale marine pollution accident at a marine facility can lead to a large-scale accident due to a small mistake or defect in the facility, it is urged that the workplace itself be prepared for active safety management and accident response posture.”







Began ocean discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima nuclear power plant... Operation of emergency situation room in South Gyeongsang Province Provincial reserve of 1.6 billion secured… Invest in countermeasures for sharp decline in local seafood consumption. As the Japanese government announced on the 24th that the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant would begin, South Gyeongsang Province prepared additional measures to promote consumption after the discharge of contaminated water to relieve residents' anxiety and promote consumption of marine products. The Gyeongsangnam-do Maritime and Fisheries Bureau held a press conference on the 23rd and briefed on countermeasures against the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant. Since the decision to discharge contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in April 2021, the province has been focusing its efforts on preparation by preparing a countermeasure for the discharge of contaminated water. In order to strengthen the safety of the seafood distribution stage, private radioactivity inspections are being expanded to seafood consignments before distribution. In addition, along with the operation of a seafood radioactivity test observation system involving citizens, the platform for providing radiation safety information to the provincial website is being greatly improved to strengthen communication with the citizens of the province. We are focusing on revitalizing seafood consumption and responding to contraction. However, in spite of these measures, as the date of discharge of contaminated water was confirmed on the 24th, in order to relieve the citizens' concerns, strengthening the safety of citizens, strengthening support for the fisheries industry, establishing countermeasures after the discharge of contaminated water with an emphasis on promoting consumption and expanding sales of marine products We plan to move forward with speed. For active on-site response after the discharge of contaminated water, the provincial government has established a provincial-city-gun joint emergency situation room consisting of 15 people in 3 groups at the Provincial Fisheries Safety Technology Institute to expand radiation inspections of aquatic products in the production stage, strengthen crackdowns on the country of origin of imported aquatic products from Japan, and conduct radiation inspection events with citizens of the province. It plans to relieve anxiety by thoroughly inspecting and monitoring the safety of fishery products and imported fishery products from Japan, such as expansion. In particular, the radioactivity test of aquatic products observed by residents is broadcast live through the official YouTube channel of Gyeongsangnam-do Province, so that even residents who have difficulty participating in the field can directly check it through broadcasting, which is expected to strengthen the citizens' trust in the safety of radioactive aquatic products in the province. In addition, it plans to select and commission 60 private honorary observers to control the origin of imported marine products, such as those from Japan, and work from September to the end of the year in all cities and counties. Electronic signboards in all cities and counties in the province are used to increase exposure frequency so that residents can easily access them, and food service companies are using SNS and text messages to quickly disseminate seafood radiation safety information. Along with this, QR codes that can directly check radiation safety information in Gyeongsangnam-do are inserted into promotional materials that indicate the safety of marine products and country of origin, which are produced by the province, to increase accessibility to the latest radiation-related information. The province is doing its best to prepare countermeasures through the designation of an 'industrial crisis preemptive response area' as there is concern about damage caused by contraction of the fisheries industry in the province due to unclear information related to the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant. Currently, related laws and notifications are regulated with a focus on the mining industry, such as manufacturing, and there are difficulties in applying the basis for support to primary industries such as fisheries. An amendment to the law was proposed to include In September, we plan to prepare support measures for the fisheries industry by concentrating our administrative power to designate it as an “industrial crisis preemptive response area” by promoting the revision of relevant enforcement ordinances and notifications through proposals from government ministries such as the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy. As the provincial government is expected to inevitably see a sharp decrease in consumption of fishery products due to the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant into the ocean, it is the first local government to secure a provincial reserve of 1.6 billion won and focus on promoting local aquatic product consumption from September to December. First, with plans to promote discount promotions for seafood products in the province through online and offline distributors, business agreements were signed with the Korea Chain Store Association and the Gyeongnam Merchants Association for the promotions. The agreement is also expected to be signed in August-September. In addition, when aquatic products are delivered to cafeterias of related large orporations in shipbuilding, defense, and nuclear power plants in the province, the difference between the company's delivery price and the market price is supported to promote aquatic product consumption by securing a stable consumption channel. In addition, promotion of local seafood consumption is promoted by provincial large-scale discount promotion events in conjunction with events such as regional festivals in the province to promote consumption of seafood products. Meanwhile, the provincial government held seminars in Changwon and Tongyeong by inviting experts in the field of radioactivity and fisheries in order to secure the safety of citizens and respond to the decline in consumption of fishery products. We plan to provide a forum for communication with Kim Je-hong, director of the Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Bureau, said, “At the time when radioactively contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant began to be discharged into the sea, we will conduct more thorough inspections and closely monitor to respond to the sharp decline in local seafood consumption and relieve citizens’ anxiety about seafood safety. We will do our best to make it possible,” he said.




'Both tanker, fishing boat responsible for collision'
Posted : 2017-12-12 16:26
Updated : 2017-12-12 20:49

Both the tanker and fishing boat which collided off the coast of Incheon earlier this month and killed 15 people were responsible for the accident, the Coast Guard said in a briefing, Tuesday.

"The captain and deckhand of the tanker and the captain of the fishing boat face charges of professional negligence resulting in death, injuries and the capsizing of a vessel," the Incheon Coast Guard said.

The captain and a crew member of a tanker, who were booked and detained earlier, have been forwarded to the prosecution.

The captain of the fishing boat died in the accident and therefore only records of the case for him were sent to the prosecution.

The collision between the 336-ton tanker and 9.77-ton fishing boat in the West Sea off Yeongheung Island on Dec. 3 caused the latter to capsize, killing 15 of the 22 people who were on board. Seven were rescued.

Investigations showed both vessels were responsible for the accident. The vessels were only 300 meters apart before the collision occurred.

"Both captains had the duty to change speed and direction, and communicate via radio but neither took any action to prevent the collision," the Coast Guard said.

Investigations showed the tanker collided with the fishing boat from behind.

The captain was the only one on duty on the tanker because the deckhand had left the bridge. This was in violation of safety rules which bans only one person being on duty in the steering house during night hours. The accident occurred around 6 a.m.

The tanker captain reportedly said during questioning that he saw the fishing boat but did not take action because he thought the fishing boat would.

The deckhand was in the tanker's mess at the time of the collision.

Both captains held legitimate licenses to steer the vessels and the number of passengers on the vessel did not exceed the limit. None of those on board had been under the influence of alcohol.

Meanwhile, the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries is set to look into whether the Coast Guard had aptly responded to the report of the accident.

Following criticism that the Coast Guard did not come to rescue quickly enough, Minister Kim Young-choon told reporters on Monday the ministry will draw up a team to look into the case and punish those responsible.

The fishing boat accident resulted in the largest number of casualties since another in September 2015 which killed 15 and left three missing.




BELGIUM SEA COLLISION

Dutch ship sinks following collision in north Sea

Dutch cargo ship Flinterstar sinks in the North Sea following a collision, some eight kilometers off the coast of Zeebrugge, Belgium, 06 October 2015. The cargo ship collided early 06 October with the gas tanker Al-Oraiq, all 12 sailors aboard were rescued, while no hazardous materials aboard the sunken ship but oil leaked into the sea.




HONG KONG SHIP COLLISION

A handout photo made available by the Nanhai Rescue Bureau on 06 May 2014 shows the vessel MOL Motivator, which is registered in the Marshall Islands, following a collision with a Chinese cargo ship, off waters of Hong Kong, China, 05 May 2014. A collision between cargo ship Zhong Xing 2 and container vessel MOL Motivator in waters off Hong Kong early 05 May left 11 missing. One survivor was picked up by a passing fishing boat after the collision near the Po Toi Islands to the south-east of Hong Kong. The search and rescue operation was being coordinated by the Guangdong Maritime Rescue Coordination Centre, according to the South China Morning Post. 




Gyeonggi Pyeongtaek Port Authority announced on the 7th that the consignment operation period of the 'Gyeonggi Maritime Safety Experience Center' celebrated its 1st anniversary.Gyeonggi Maritime Safety Experience Center held an opening ceremony on July 7 last year by inviting local officials and the families of the Sewol victims, and signed an MOU with Ansan City, Gyeonggi Youth Training Center, and Maritime Police Training Center.The Gyeonggi Maritime Safety Experience Center has been operating various programs while providing face-to-face and non-face-to-face education in spite of the Corona situation for the past year, increasing access to maritime safety education and continuing various attempts to spread a safety culture.In cooperation with the Gyeonggi Provincial Office of Education, survival swimming skills training (6 times a day) is being operated for elementary school students in 50 schools in 23 regions. Training for safety accident prevention and disaster prevention is also in progress.In addition, in order to overcome the restrictions on the use of facilities by experienced visitors due to COVID-19, an educational video of 'Marine Survival Safety Knowledge' and 'Survival Swimming Class' was produced and loaded on the Gyeonggi Lifelong Learning Portal Knowledge (GSEEK). Through real-time communication education using the technology, the demand for maritime safety education of various age groups was met.Volunteer services and communication activities for the local community are also continuing.Last year, the Gyeonggi Maritime Safety Experience Center, which registered as a customer service center and launched a Marine Safety Keeper Volunteer Corps, conducted relief activities for residents affected by the Uljin forest fire, Ansan, Hwaseong, and Pyeongtaek area sharing love kimchi event, Instagram and YouTube channels Through the operation, the main news of the experience center and common sense of maritime safety are effectively delivered.Director Jo Wan-yeol of Gyeonggi Maritime Safety Experience Center said, “There were many difficulties at the beginning of the opening due to Corona 19, but it has been a year of development without safety accidents due to the interest of visitors and the efforts of the staff.” “Providing professional and beneficial education in the future. It will become a maritime safety-focused educational institution,” he said.Meanwhile, Gyeonggi Maritime Safety Experience Center was built with a total floor area of 9,833m2 with 1 basement level and 3 stories above ground on a 5,000m2 site in Bangameori Park in Ansan City with a total of 40 billion won, including 30 billion won from the state budget and 10 billion won from the provincial budget, according to the mid- to long-term basic plan for the promotion of maritime safety culture. .You can apply for the education provided by the Gyeonggi Maritime Safety Experience Center by accessing the website.






On the 23rd, Incheon City announced that it would pursue a policy to foster high value-added agricultural and livestock industries. According to Incheon City, four goals for fostering the agricultural and livestock industry were presented to increase the perceived happiness index of citizens by turning the crisis in agricultural and rural areas into an opportunity. Recently, the farm economy is facing a high level of uncertainty due to high interest rates and high inflation, and is under a heavy burden due to natural disasters, pests, and livestock epidemics due to climate change, as well as the worsening aging population. Therefore, policies to foster a safe and sustainable agricultural and livestock industry are needed to protect agricultural and livestock households as well as citizens. It is a strategy to increase happiness. This year, Incheon City will promote various projects with the goals of realizing welfare rural areas and improving the quality of life for citizens, promoting overseas market development for Incheon agricultural products, fostering high value-added agricultural and food industries, and fostering sustainable livestock farming. Implementation of welfare in rural areas and improvement of citizens’ quality of life. First, we will increase the quality of life of farmers and fishermen and promote sustainable development of agriculture and fisheries by expanding the payment of allowances to farmers and fishermen and the training of future farmers. Approximately 16,800 farmers and fishermen who create public value in agriculture, fishing and fishing villages will receive an annual farmer and fishermen allowance of 600,000 won, and young farmers (18 to 40 years old) will be selected to foster future farmers and receive farming settlement support (monthly for 3 years). It is planned to pay up to 1.1 million won). In addition, projects to improve the quality of life of citizens are also being promoted, such as supporting community urban gardens, establishing a pet welfare and cultural center, strengthening the protection and management of abandoned animals, and improving the quality of school meals at kindergartens, elementary, middle, and high schools. Promotion of Incheon agricultural products overseas market development project. In addition, the city plans to strengthen the competitiveness of the agricultural and food industry by continuously expanding investment, such as developing local agricultural and food sales channels and creating a sustainable agricultural environment. In order to pioneer overseas markets, we will open a permanent exhibition and sales center in Toronto, Canada, and foster export leading organizations (two locations) that support quality control, marketing, and logistics improvement for export items, and actively support the overseas expansion of small and medium-sized agricultural and food companies. Export items will also be expanded from agricultural products (fortified rice) to processed agricultural and marine products. Fostering high value-added agricultural and food industries. In addition, we will continue to promote eco-friendly agricultural production base expansion, inorganic fertilizer support projects, and 6th industry revitalization projects, establish a management safety net through agricultural disaster prevention projects, sign up for agricultural accident insurance, etc., and promote safety through modernization of facilities at the Samsan Agricultural Products Wholesale Market. and create a reasonable purchasing environment for agricultural products. We are expanding the Incheon-style ‘1,000 Won Breakfast’ support project to promote consumption of local rice, and supplying 3,479 tons of safe, excellent, eco-friendly rice from the Ganghwa region to 721 public kindergartens, elementary, middle, and high schools. Fostering sustainable livestock farming. In order to foster a sustainable livestock industry, the strategy is to increase the competitiveness of the livestock industry through fostering regionally specialized livestock businesses such as fostering Korean beef brands and expanding the feed production base, and implementing eco-friendly livestock environment equipment projects. In addition, the plan is to prevent damage to farms by blocking disaster-type livestock infectious diseases and preventing consumptive and zoonotic livestock diseases, and to continue to promote projects such as installing quarantine facilities and supporting vaccines to create a foundation for livestock farming that is resistant to diseases.




Pohang Coast Guard (Chief Seong Dae-hoon, hereinafter referred to as Pohang Coast Guard) conducted pollution prevention education and training to improve marine pollution accident response capabilities for members of 13 marine autonomous response units registered with the Pohang Coast Guard for three months from July to September. It was announced on the 11th that it was done.In this Marine Autonomous Response Team education and training, 75 people, including members of the Pohang and Gyeongju regions, participated in the Marine Autonomous Response Team system and mission, how to use oil fences and sorbent response materials, and safety rules for safe response work. We provided education and training on things that are essential to know as a disaster prevention team member.In particular, the education and training of the Marine Autonomous Response Team in the Gyeongju region focused on responding to complex accidents involving fishing boat fires and marine pollution.This event was held jointly with the Pohang Marine Police Station, Gampo Maritime Autonomous Disaster Management Unit, Gyeongju Fire Station, Volunteer Fire Department, and the Korea Marine Environment Corporation's Pohang branch.The training included operating a fire extinguisher to extinguish a fishing boat fire, installing an oil fence, fire prevention work using oil absorbents, and spraying fire extinguishing water.A member of the autonomous response team who attended this training said, “This education and training provided an opportunity for indirect experience in responding quickly to actual pollution and fire accidents.”An official at the Pohang Coast Guard said, “In order to more faithfully perform our role as a comprehensive control agency, we will work closely with related organizations, organizations, and companies to respond efficiently in the event of a marine pollution accident and do our best to protect the people’s health and property.” said.Meanwhile, the Pohang Coast Guard's autonomous marine response team is seeing great results, with 51 members of the marine autonomous response team participating in 14 of the marine pollution accidents over the past three years (2021 to 2023), serving as first responders.






 






Four People Die in Fishing Boat-Freighter Clash. Four fishermen died and three went missing late Saturday after a Korean fishing boat sank after a collision with a foreign cargo ship near waters off Jeju Island. According to police, the 29-ton fishing boat, called "Daekyung," clashed with the a 3,800-ton freighter from Hong Kong around 10 p.m. on Saturday, which killed four of the nine crew on the small fishing boat. Investigators were still searching for the missing people. Two, including the ship's captain Cho Chun-ho, were immediately rescued by the freighter’s crew. Rescue workers had to fight rough seas.




Corporal Chae's case A Marine's honor trumps a commander's career President Yoon Suk Yeol highly values the military and those who serve their country. That's natural for a national leader and commander-in-chief.So, Yoon sincerely mourned the death of Corporal Chae Su-geun of the Marine Corps last month. Chae was swept away by a torrent at a stream in Yecheon, North Gyeongsang Province, while searching for victims of the flooding.But some presidential aides do not seem to share their boss' sentiments.After Chae's death, a Marine Corps investigation unit listed eight officers, including a major general and the commander of the 1st Marine Division, on suspicion of negligent homicide and other charges. However, the military relieved the probe team's leader, Colonel Park Jeong-hun, from his post, putting him under investigation for insubordination. According to Col. Park, he reported the probe result to Defense Minister Lee Jong-seop, won Lee's nod and sent it to the civilian police. Later, a defense ministry official phoned Park several times, proposing to delist officers above Chae's battalion commander from the charge.
At a press conference last Friday, Park said he regarded it as "external pressure," claiming all this started after he sent news release materials to the presidential office at the latter's behest. He also refused to undergo the military prosecution's questioning over his alleged insubordination, doubting its impartiality. Instead, Park called for a committee to "investigate the investigation process of military prosecutors."It may be premature to jump to a conclusion, as all facts and details are not in yet. The presidential aide suspected to be involved in it also denies all allegations, saying he has never seen the probe results. Still, one thing seems clear: the investigation report approved by Defense Minister Lee was returned to the ministry by "someone higher and more powerful." In Korea's power structure, there is only one such place ― the presidential office. Can one think all these are unrelated but work separately?Like many accidents, Corporal Chae's case also has many implications.On July 19, Chae's superiors did not even distribute life vests to Marines before putting them into the strong current. Division Commander Major Gen. Lim Seong-keun gave many instructions. For instance, he ordered the men to wear the Marines' "red shirt" and not smile before the camera.But most of his instructions were to maximize the PR effects of his division serving civilians. None concerned his men's "safety." Some officers even took issue with the Marines' "improper salutation" to superiors while working.If Col. Park is to be trusted, the military leaders are killing Corporal Chae twice ― by not protecting him appropriately and unduly protecting the superiors responsible for his preventable death.According to reports, Kim Tae-hyo, President Yoon's right-hand man in national security affairs, Defense Minister Lee and Major Gen. Lim were former colleagues working at the now-defunct Cheong Wa Dae under former President Lee Myung-bak more than a decade ago. Was this all an operation to save a general instead of a private, unlike in the film?Pfc. Chae was promoted one rank posthumously, received the highest order as a Marine and was buried at the National Cemetery. His parents thanked the government for these measures. However, they did not forget to ask the authorities "not to repeat the tragedy that took away our son." They did not say so, but the best step is to reaffirm the value of service members' lives by holding all officers, high and low, accountable.The incident is especially regrettable as it occurred under a leader who puts the military and service members above all else to "maintain genuine peace by force." It also comes in the aftermath of various mishaps within barracks, such as excessive hazing and sexual violence, many of which were hushed up or downplayed. How could parents send their children to boot camp while unsure of their safety, even during peacetime?President Yoon has been criticized for punishing only lower officials in socially controversial incidents, being compared to "cutting off the tail to save the lizard's head."He must not let that happen, especially not in the military.





The Incheon Coast Guard announced on the 21st that it conducted training to improve patrol vessel surveillance capabilities at the Incheon Coast Guard exclusive pier in Jung-gu, Incheon. According to the Incheon Coast Guard, this training was designed to respond to various situations, such as safe navigation of patrol vessels in the winter and prevention of illegal immigration using small ships. About 20 police officers and applicants who operate security ships participated in the training. They received training from experts in the field of maritime security operations on radar equipment operation, surveillance areas and surveillance techniques for each situation, examples of actual operations, accidents and dangers, etc. In addition, specialized knowledge and know-how related to warfare were shared. An Incheon Coast Guard official said, “This training was beneficial as it allowed us to develop our warfighting surveillance capabilities,” and added, “We will continue to work harder to expand a tight maritime security network and maintain a rapid response system.” In addition, the Incheon Marine Police Station announced that it will issue a ‘Attention’ safety accident risk forecast system for 10 days from the 23rd to January 1st of next year. According to the Incheon Coast Guard, special caution is needed during coastal activities as the possibility of accidents increases due to year-end events such as Christmas, sunset, and sunrise, bad weather, and sea levels higher than usual. Incheon Coast Guard is strengthening land and sea patrols according to tidal times and maintaining emergency response readiness to prepare for coastal accidents such as tidal flat isolation. An Incheon Coast Guard official said, “Especially on the 31st, many tourists are expected to visit the coast due to the sunset and sunrise events,” and added, “During coastal activities, marine safety rules such as not entering dangerous areas, wearing life jackets, and checking the tide must be observed. “He requested. Meanwhile, by downloading and using apps such as ‘Sea Navi’, ‘Harrod’, and ‘Safe Sea’, you can obtain various marine safety information such as tide tables.




West Sea Coast Guard begins inspection of security sites at points of contact with people’s livelihoods over the weekend. Conducted on-site inspections in Mokpo and Wando to prepare for winter safety accidents, (Mokpo = Break News) Reporter Haksu Lee = In order to establish a rapid rescue response system in the winter season when the risk of marine accidents is high, the Seohae Regional Coast Guard will inspect the safety management status of multi-use vessels and the emergency response posture of rescue forces on weekends at security sites at the point of contact with people's lives. It was announced on the 15th that an inspection had been conducted. According to the West Sea Coast Guard, Safety General Manager Lee Jong-wook used a coastal rescue boat from the North Port Police Station on the 13th to directly inspect major fishing boat fishing sites in the North Port and the Aphae Sea area within Mokpo jurisdiction, and urged fishing boat industry workers to follow safety rules. Subsequently, on the morning of the 14th, the head of the Rescue and Safety Division visited Wando Ttangkkeut Police Station to share preventive policies in the field of marine safety, including marine weather information provision services, and continue to provide life-friendly services so that fishermen can quickly and conveniently request help if they are in danger. ordered to strengthen. In addition, we inspected the safety management status and emergency response posture of fishing boats and multi-use vessels during the winter and encouraged workers. Lee Jong-wook, Safety General Manager of the West Sea Coast Guard, said, “We hope that this will be a year in which we can get closer to fishermen by establishing marine safety prevention policies, such as providing preemptive marine weather information that is being promoted to prevent marine accidents, and create a safe sea.” “I will work harder for this,” he said.






YEOSU, South Jeolla Province ― Fish, shellfish and other marine species in Korean waters cannot be contaminated by the discharge of radioactive water from Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant that is likely to begin later this year, the leader of Korea's fishermen's association said.The 70-year-old from the country's southern county of Namhae was concerned that the unproven contamination rumors have dramatically cut domestic sales of seafood, pushing many households in the fishery industry to the brink.Kim Dae-sung, who represents the Korea Coastal Fishermen's Association based in Taean County, South Chungcheong Province, said that even if the controversial radioactive water is released, marine species in Korean waters cannot be contaminated by it because of the direction of ocean currents. He used the Kuroshio Current as an example."It's a natural order," Kim, who has been in the fishery business for 45 years, told The Korea Times, referring to the world's second-biggest current that flows northward and is part of the greater North Pacific gyre that flows clockwise."The current flows alongside Japan and joins the Pacific, reaches the United States and dissipates on its way back to Hawaii. There is no way any radioactive Japanese fish can reach Korean waters unless that current flows backward."Kim said that since the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant disaster in 2011, in which large amounts of water contaminated with radioactive isotopes were discharged from the reactors into the Pacific, not one contaminated fish from Japanese waters has been found in Korea. He added that whenever he visited Fukuoka in western Japan, he saw trash floating in nearby waters that had apparently drifted over from Korea, whereas he never saw Japanese trash arriving in Korean waters.He said those instances prove two things: fish in Japanese waters cannot reach Korean waters by themselves due to the unchanging ocean current and seafood imports from Japan have been controlled by the Korean government stringently enough to sort out anything with a trace of contamination."Some claim that contaminated Japanese marine life would reach Korean waters as fast as 74 days from the disaster's breakout," Kim said. "But no contaminated fish or anything was found along Korea's east coast that's closest to Japan after the period. And the contamination didn't spread throughout the country after four to five years, either."Kim was angered by those who circulated controversial rumors that have gained traction with protesters ― pointing his finger mostly at politicians from the country's opposition parties and environmentalists who did not provide any scientific evidence.He said rumors that have scared away customers from fish markets and seafood restaurants, causing an economic setback for the local fishery industry starting about seven months ago. Hit particularly hard were restaurants ― a major source of revenue for small coastal towns that depend on tourism ― that are mostly run by fishermen's wives."These days are harder than when the COVID-19 pandemic struck the country," Kim said. "Tourists visiting coastal regions as well as customers to the restaurants have plummeted."Low demand for seafood has slashed down their value including those caught in Korean waters ― crab, halibut and rockfish in western waters, croaker and butterfish in the south, and squid, flatfish and octopus in the east, according to Yoo Byeong-seo, secretary-general of the association. He said a flatfish used to be worth 10,000 won ($8.00) per kilogram but has now plummeted to 3,000 won."Revenue per fishing vessel has been slashed by more than 40 percent since the rumors surfaced, while restaurants lost more than 50 percent of their usual volume of customers," Yoo told The Korea Times."Many households support themselves by engaging in the fishery business together, with husbands out in the ocean and their wives selling sashimi and seafood in the restaurants. When the rumors held people back from visiting the oceanic tourism sites, the economic impact hit those households hard."On July 10, Kim organized a gathering of members of his association in front of Busan Station. Some 2,000 fishermen from across the country, including those from hundreds of kilometers up north in Gangwon Province and Gyeonggi Province, gathered to raise awareness of local seafood, which they insisted is clean of radioactivity, and called on rumormongers to stop scaring people by saying the discharge will contaminate local seafood. The rally participants represented the association's 15,000 members with 45,000 fishing vessels."Among those who couldn't make it to Busan, many gave up fishing that day because they wanted to express that they were in this campaign together," said Kim, who started leading the fishermen's group in 2021. "We fishermen have no other ways to express our voices than by holding such a rally."A week after the gathering, representatives of the country's 2,000 scientists from the Korean Federation of Fisheries Science and Technology Societies Safety met in Seoul and checked their unified concerns that the rumors' "social framing" is overshadowing scientific facts and that public trust in local seafood should be repaired to protect the country's 1.5 million people involved in the fishery industry.Lee Byeong-hoon, president of the Korean Society of Food Hygiene and Safety, admitted in the meeting at the Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry that the country's academic circles have been aloof to "risk communication" with the public regarding the discharge.Minister of Food and Drug Safety Oh Yu-kyoung invested part of Tuesday in risk communication via YouTube. She said online that the country will continue banning imports of Japanese food products from eight prefectures near Fukushima ― a measure Korea began shortly after the disaster ― regardless of the discharge. Korea's maximum radioactivity standard is 100 becquerel (Bq) per kilogram, 10 times stricter than the international standard of the U.N.'s Food and Agriculture Organization called the Codex Alimentarius. If any Japanese seafood imports are discovered with radioactivity as little as 0.5 Bq, Korea will virtually stop importing it, according to the minister.





South Chungcheong Province pledges to take a leap forward in the new year with the power of its 2.2 million residentsSouth Chungcheong Province held a major business report for the New Year and pledged to take a powerful leap forward with the power of its 2.2 million residents.South Chungcheong Province held a conference room at the Provincial Office on the 10th, with about 50 people in attendance, including Governor Kim Tae-heum, Vice Governors for Administration and Political Affairs Kim Ki-young and Jeon Hyeong-sik, heads of the Office of the Director, heads of public institutions, cooperators from central ministries and related organizations, policy advisors, special policy advisers, and a provincial evaluation group, and announced the 2024 plan. It was announced that a major business plan briefing session was held.In the major tasks carried out on this day, the Planning and Coordination Office will do its best to secure next year's government budget of 11 trillion won, improve the quality of public services through innovation in public institution management, and establish a higher education support system based on regional-university cooperation.The Office of Autonomy and Safety is responsible for promoting local-led balanced development systems and policies in earnest, taking into account conditions such as deteriorating local finances and the increasing complexity and scale of disasters, spreading consensus on autonomy and decentralization and securing implementation capabilities, operating stable finances, and preemptively discovering disaster risk factors and conducting safety inspections. Reinforcement was set as the main task.This year, the Fire Department will expand safety training to spread CPR and establish a special rescue team for the Boryeong Undersea Tunnel.In addition, the production of the second Chungnam fire helicopter will begin in earnest, and the Chungnam fire complex will be completed and put into full operation within the year.The Industrial Economy Office has set the operational direction of 'driving the next-generation growth engine through industrial integration, convergence, and advancement', and to this end, laid the foundation for dominating the semiconductor industry (post-process) and developing 'super gap, new gap, high gap' in display. ' By securing this, we will focus on fostering national high-tech strategic industries, establishing a foundation for fostering future mobility industries, and establishing a domestic leading model for the high-tech bio industry. In addition, transition to eco-friendly energy in response to coal phase-out and carbon neutrality, accelerating reorganization to a low-carbon industrial structure, developing new technologies and building infrastructure for carbon reduction, discovering new industries and nurturing future human resources, and promoting future industrialization of science and technology based on research and development (R&D) , Nurturing new industries linked to regional industries was also listed as a major task. In order to create an investment environment that will drive economic growth and enhance the vitality of the people's economy, South Chungcheong Province continues to operate the Chungnam Economic Crisis Response System and accelerates the timely supply of industrial land tailored to corporate demand, customized support for small and medium-sized businesses, and establishment of a startup ecosystem.The Welfare and Health Bureau establishes a balanced medical service system, establishes a thick and tight welfare safety net, and establishes balanced welfare through support for independence, establishing the National Dental Research Institute, establishing a new local medical school and a university hospital in the Naepo region, establishing a public postpartum care center in the southern region, and providing support for the disabled. It was decided to focus administrative power on building a family healing center.The Women and Family Policy Director's main tasks include the establishment of a regional Chungnam Family Center and the designation and operation of a regional child care support center, while the Youth Policy Director's main tasks include the creation of Daehakro in Anseo-dong, alleviating the burden of housing costs for youth in economic crisis, and establishing a housing safety net. The Bureau of Culture, Sports and Tourism is accelerating the construction of cultural and artistic infrastructure such as e-sports stadium, Patriotic Army Memorial Hall, Seoul Arts Center, and Chungnam Art Museum in order to 'take a leap forward as Korea's representative cultural city', and focusing on integrating and provincializing public art troupes. Promote. In addition, we decided to work together to begin preparations for the 2027 Summer World University Games in the Chungcheong region in earnest, create a Chungnam Sports Center and Provincial Park Golf Course, expand the construction of Hanok as a famous Catholic heritage site, and create a preliminary atmosphere for the 2025-2026 Visit Chungnam Year. The Construction and Transportation Bureau set out 10 key tasks, including building new road and railroad networks such as the Boryeong-Daejeon Expressway and the Chungcheong Inland Railway, quickly promoting local road maintenance projects, creating a foundation for the construction of Bay Valley Mega City, and supplying Chungnam-style Live Together. The Balanced Development Bureau, which has set the goal of ‘driving a powerful Chungcheongnam-do region that is easy to live in anywhere in the province,’ is working hard to create a Bay Valley megacity, attracting public institutions in the metropolitan area and national defense, and is also concentrating its administrative power on developing Anmyeondo tourist destinations. The Bureau of Oceans and Fisheries is responsible for creating a global marine leisure tourism city, creating Garorimman National Marine Ecological Park, conserving the World Natural Heritage tidal flats and creating a marine ecological route, creating a marine bio cluster, establishing a marine healing center, fostering the marina industry, developing coastal ports on Gyeokryeolbiyeoldo Island, and multi-purpose Boryeong. The main tasks included early completion of the new port, improvement of the logistics environment at Dangjin-Pyeongtaek International Port and development of an advanced export base to China, creation of a state-of-the-art aquaculture complex on reclaimed land, creation of a carbon-neutral seafood export cluster, and support for the Seocheon Seaweed Industry Promotion Zone. At the briefing session on this day, Governor Kim Tae-heum said, “In the third year of the 8th popular election, we must take a bigger leap forward based on our past achievements and show visible results to the residents of the province.” He added, “In particular, we must focus on agricultural and rural structural reform and the national carbon-neutral economy.” He emphasized, “Major issues such as Seondo, the creation of the Bay Valley mega city, and the completion of the Chungnam Innovation City should be felt by the residents of the province.”




The Incheon Maritime Police Station (Chief Sang-chun Park) is promoting measures to strengthen safety management for 72 days from the 21st to May 31 for safety management during the spring holiday season, when the number of users of multi-use vessels such as wireline, pilotage and fishing boats increases.As a result of analysis of statistics for 2021 by Incheon Maritime Police Station, the number of passengers using multi-use vessels in Incheon during the spring holiday season is approximately 310,000 out of 1.33 million passengers.As a result, the number of marine accidents and safety violations for multi-use ships also increased, and the number of occurrences gradually increased from March, showing that 35% of the total 23 cases in 2021 occurred between March and May.In particular, in spring, fog occurs frequently and visibility is poor, which increases the risk of accidents. The Incheon Coast Guard is planning to preemptively conduct maritime safety maneuvers to prevent safety accidents.In addition, out of 31 violations that occurred in 21, 22 cases (71%) occurred between March and May alone, and they announced that they would intensively crack down on safety violations of multi-use vessels that continue to occur during the weak spring holiday season.As for the contents of the reinforcement period, on-site guidance inspection of safety-vulnerable areas through maritime safety maneuver inspection, inspection of the implementation of safety management for fishing boats, and special crackdown on multi-use vessels to eradicate safety-impeding acts are planned. An official from the Incheon Maritime Police Station said, "To prevent safety accidents during the spring holiday season, when the number of multi-use ship users is rapidly increasing, we will continue to promote on-site publicity and establish a safe order for safe multi-use ship operation through strict law enforcement through special crackdowns." Above all, the safety awareness of operators, captains, and users themselves is important,” he said.






Investigators raided ten offices and houses linked to businesses of former Semo Group Chairman Yoo Byung-eun, the de facto owner of the operator of the sunken ferry Sewol, the prosecution announced Thursday.

The search is the latest in a series of raids on affiliates with the group in a widening investigation to uncover illegal deals that might have contributed to the maritime disaster.

The Incheon District Prosecutors' Office also sought an arrest warrant for Song Gook-bin, the president of Dapanda, a Semo Group unit distributing health supplements and cosmetics. He could be the first to be put into custody among close aides to Yoo if the warrant is approved.

Dapanda holds a 16.2 percent stake in Chonhaeji, the largest shareholder of Chonghaejin Marine, the operator of the ferry Sewol.

Among raided places are an office of Onnara in Anyang, Gyeonggi Province, an office of Saemuri in Incheon and the homes of their presidents, Byeon Gi-choon and Hwang Ho-eun.

Onnara sells dairy products produced from farms on Jeju Island allegedly owned by the Evangelical Baptist Church, known here as a "salvation sect," the religious group founded by Yoo. Saemuri is among the shareholders of Semo, the main affiliate of Semo Group.

While the Incheon prosecution investigates Semo Group, a joint prosecution-police task force dug further into the causes of the accident. The task force is expected to seek arrest warrants for two Chonghaejin Marine employees responsible for checking safety standards because risky modifications to the Sewol and overloading are being considered as major causes of the vessel capsizing.

The task force estimates that the 6,800-ton Sewol could only maintain stability with 987 tons of cargo, but it was loaded with more than 3,600 tons including 180 vehicles.

A director in charge of safety, identified as Ahn, and Kim, a team leader of the logistics division, were taken into custody Wednesday evening on suspicion of frequently overloading the ferry although they knew that the modifications to the ship to load more cargo had damaged its stability.

The charges against them include accidental homicide and violations of the Ship Safety Law.

According to Yonhap News, the first mate of the Sewol, who abandoned ship before the passengers along with other crewmembers, told the task force that he asked Chonghaejin Marine on April 15 to stop overloading the vessel because of the danger of sinking. The Sewol departed Incheon the same day and capsized off the southwest coast the next morning.

The first mate, identified as Kang, apparently gave multiple warnings, while Captain Lee Joon-seok also pointed out the issue of overloading to the company, Yonhap said. Both were ignored. Chonghaejin Marine has made more money from transporting cargo than passengers. According to its financial statements, the firm made 19.5 billion won from cargo in 2013, compared to 12.5 billion won from passengers. The task force also suspects that stacked containers loaded onto the Sewol weren't tethered tight enough, and when it maneuvered they shifted, causing it to capsize. The ferry operator allegedly had the Sewol carry only a small amount of ballast water, kept in tanks at the bottom of the ship to help maintain stability, so that more cargo could be loaded. This made the ship higher in the water and shifted its center of gravity. The overloading became a fatal problem combined with the dangerous modifications done to the ferry.
In an interview with a local broadcasting station, the wife of the Sewol's full-time captain, who was on holiday when the accident took place, said that her husband had not wanted to be in charge of the vessel because he was concerned about the modifications. She added that the captain sailed the vessel from Japan to Korea when Chonghaejin Marine bought it, and had no problems at that time. Along with the task force's investigation, the Board of Audit and Inspection launched a special probe into the government departments involved in the Sewol accident including the Ministry of Security and Public Administration, the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries, the Coast Guard and the Maritime Affairs and Port Administration.




Daejeon City Councilor Cho Won-hwi urges safety measures for discharging contaminated water from nuclear power plants. Daejeon City Council member Cho Won-hwi (Democratic Party of Korea, Yuseong-gu 3) called for safety measures against the discharge of contaminated water from Japan's Fukushima nuclear power plant. In his 5-minute free speech at the 1st plenary session of the 273rd Extraordinary Session at 10 o'clock on the 6th, Rep. Cho called for 'Daejeon City's safety measures against the discharge of contaminated water from nuclear power plants in Japan' and said, "The Japanese government is facing opposition from neighboring countries and countries around the world. “Despite concerns, we began discharging Fukushima nuclear power plant contaminated water into the ocean on August 24th,” he said. This was clearly in compliance with international conventions such as the “Convention on Prevention of Marine Pollution by Dumping of Wastes and Other Materials” known as the “London Convention” by the Japanese government. He started by saying that it was a violation. Representative Cho also said, “As the discharge of contaminated water from nuclear power plants in Japan becomes visible, the number of customers at raw fish restaurants is decreasing, and the concerns of consumers who want to purchase seafood are increasing, and as the sales of those working in the fishing industry are decreasing, those who are considering switching industries are concerned. “There are a lot of them,” he said, emphasizing that Daejeon City needs safety measures to minimize citizen anxiety. He also called for safety measures in Daejeon, citing South Chungcheong Province and Seoul City’s announcement of immediate measures against ‘discharge of contaminated water from Japan’s nuclear power plant.’ South Chungcheong Province announced that it would strengthen the four-stage safety investigation, including production and distribution, 'safer and more thoroughly' starting in July to reassure residents, and Seoul City announced on August 23 that all seafood distributed not only at the fish market but also at large supermarkets and traditional markets in the city. It has been announced that real-time test results will be made public, including conducting a daily sample survey targeting. Rep. Cho Won-hwi said, “In order to relieve the safety and anxiety of citizens, Daejeon City should also request the government to regulate imports until the safety of Japanese marine products is 100% verified and strengthen surveillance and supervision by clearly checking the place of origin.” claimed. He also urged Daejeon City to take active safety measures, saying that inspections for school meals, etc. should be strengthened like South Chungcheong Province did.






Oceans and Fisheries Minister Moon Seong-hyeok vowed to strengthen monitoring of water and marine products for possible radioactivity from Japan's Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant."We will thoroughly establish a safety net to better secure the safety of marine products and prevent accidents," Minister Moon during the National Assembly's annual inspection of the ministry, Thursday. "We will expand radioactivity monitoring at our shores to prevent contaminated water coming from the Fukushima plant and strengthen inspections of marine safety tests and check the origin of country products are imported from."The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) also plans to strengthen related measures. This month, the agency will inspect the contamination being released at unit 1 of Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant and its effects on the ocean.One of the most anticipated issues was the possible revision of the country's Marine Transportation Act, aimed to prevent the Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) from investigating issues regarding collective actions taken by domestic shipping companies.However, this plan was postponed due to growing opposition from importers and exporters.According to a survey the Korea Federation of SMEs conducted of 174 mid-size companies related to exports and imports, 85.1 percent were against the revision to the Marine Transportation Act, with 14.9 percent in support.Since 2018, the KFTC has been investigating allegations that HMM and others colluded to boost freight rates for a Southeast Asian sea route.After expanding its investigations of foreign firms in May, the regulator informed 23 local and foreign shippers that they may face fines totaling 800 billion won if they are found in violation of the Fair Trade Act.Local shippers have protested fiercely against the regulator's move. They claimed they had no choice but to take collective action to compete with global shipping powerhouses, and that their collective actions on freight costs and other contract conditions were permissible under the country's Maritime Shipping Act.Late last month, the Agriculture, Food, Rural Affairs, Oceans and Fisheries Committee passed a revised bill stating that collective actions by shippers will not be subject to the antitrust act."We are trying to clarify that the collective actions taken by marine shipping companies is under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries," Minister Moon said during a press conference, Tuesday. "We are not giving the shipping companies a break. We are pushing for stricter consequences."The ministry said it is focusing on reconstructing the domestic marine shipping industry by providing more support and creating helpful policies in import and export logistics.Marine shipping sales are expected to reach 40 trillion won, and major freight rate indexes have recovered to levels prior to the bankruptcy of Hanjin Shipping, the ministry said."We are planning to provide effective support measures including operating mega container ships, expanding national flag carriers and providing around 6 trillion won in liquidity to stabilize shippers' management to better reconstruct the marine shipping industry," Moon said. "Late last year, we deployed 74 temporary vessels for 17,000 TEU freight transportation support and worked hard to reduce import- and export-related difficulties for local firms."







Cho Il-am, head of Jinhae-gu, Changwon Special City, said on the 26th that he has been continuously cleaning up marine debris since the 18th to create a clean and pleasant marine environment as marine debris such as plants and trees flowed in following the opening of the floodgates of the Nakdong River due to sustained heavy rain. revealed About 70 people, including 6 ships, 3 forklift trucks, 1 excavator, maritime police, marine environment guards, and Sokcheon fishing village staff, participated in the cleanup activity, carrying out cleanup activities along the Sokcheon coastline and 5km of the coastal road around the Sokcheon Port pier. 20 tons of garbage were collected.Jinhae-gu is constantly receiving marine debris, and we plan to do our best in continuous surveillance and cleanup activities due to the continued inflow. We are making every effort to ensure the safety of residents by keeping a close eye on the weather forecast, such as typhoons.Cho Il-ham, head of Jinhae-gu, said, “I would like to express my gratitude to the maritime police and fishermen who participated in the cleanup activities to make the Jinhae sea clear and clean, despite their busy lives.” I will do everything,” he said.







 






N. Korea demands Seoul's apology, compensation for boat collision

Posted : 2016-03-14 14:47
Updated : 2016-03-14 14:47

North Korea on Monday belatedly called on the South Korean government to apologize and pay compensation for a boat collision that occurred last October.

North Korea had previously claimed that a South Korean vessel deliberately slammed into North Korean fishing boat Turubong-3 in the East Sea on Oct. 1, resulting in property damage and the injury of five North Koreans

In an article titled "Gangsters ignorant of human ethics and laws," the North's main newspaper Rodong Sinmun reported that "the Park Geun-hye clique should offer an apology for the crime committed against the North Korean boat and pay proper compensation for the damage."

The daily of the North's ruling Workers' Party claimed the puppet regime of the South has since evaded apology and compensation for the past months without feeling any sense of guilt, adding, "Any crime should be followed by due responsibility and punishment."

It also said that if the South tries to dodge responsibility, the eventual price for the crime will be higher and the punishment more severe.

"Moreover, what makes us more indignant is that the puppet regime of the South is insisting doggedly to justify the accident," it said. "It's like a shameless and brazen act of robbery in which we cannot find any bit of human conscience and duty from them."

According to the South Korean Coast Guard, it was later confirmed that the South Korean freighter "HIGHNY" left the scene after colliding with the North Korean fishing vessel.

According to the North's Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) on Oct. 5, the South Korean vessel deliberately rammed into Turubong-3, a boat belonging to the Foreign Trade Administration Bureau of North Hamgyong Province when it was conducting a fishing operation, injuring five crewmen and damaging the boat before taking flight.

The KCNA added the incident was in violation of "the compulsory requirements of the United Nations Maritime Law, which calls for any ship which causes a crash in the open sea to help the other ship."




Fighting MisinformationOn June 15, at the annex of the Seoul Government Complex, Korean government officials answer questions from reporters at a briefing on the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant in Japan.Growing public anxiety over the recent release of contaminated water from Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant in Japan has prompted the Korean government to hold daily briefings on the issue to actively deal with fake news and fear mongering.The Korean government will crack down on those who make and distribute such fake news, said Park Koo-yeon, an official of the Office for Government Policy Coordination, at a daily briefing on the release of contaminated water from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant at the Korean Government Complex in Seoul on June 15. It plans to hold daily briefings on the contaminated water at 11 a.m. every day, except holidays, from June 15 onward. In addition to Park, Vice Minister of Oceans and Fisheries Song Sang-keun and civilian expert Heo Kyun-young, a professor of nuclear engineering at Kyung Hee University, will attend the daily briefing.“There are growing public and media concerns about Japan’s planned discharge of the contaminated water from the nuclear power plant into the ocean,” Park said, “We should not allow concerns to grow due to a lack of information or the spread of misinformation.”“We are comprehensively analyzing Japan’s contaminated water management situation from a scientific and technical point of view based on data obtained during a visit to the site in question in May,” Park said. “In particular, we are studying the performances of the Advanced Liquid Processing System in Japan and the reliability of data released by the Japanese government, and we will inform you of the results of our study as soon as it is completed.”“We have selected 92 representative spots in domestic waters and are carefully monitoring whether radioactive substances entered the spots and areas around them by collecting and examining seawater, seabed sediments, and marine life,” Song said. “As a result of our radiation monitoring conducted so far, the radiation concentration in domestic coastal waters remains at a level similar to that before the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster, which is about one several thousandth to one hundred thousandth of those set by internationally accepted safety standards.”“Currently, the Korean government conducts radiation tests on Korean seafood at both the production stage and the distribution stage,” Song said. “For the production stage tests, the results of all 29,667 radiation tests since the Fukushima nuclear accident in 2011 have shown that Korean seafood is edible. At the distribution stage as well, 45,948 tests have been conducted on Korean seafood to date. All of the distribution stage results have also shown that Korean seafood is fit to put to table.”As for a special law on the contaminated water recently proposed at the National Assembly, Song called it “premature.” On June 12, 73 lawmakers from the opposition Democratic Party of Korea and others proposed a special law aimed at supporting fishermen affected by the discharge of the contaminated water and declaring the affected areas as special disaster areas. “It is too early to discuss compensation for and recovery from damage that has not even happened yet,” Song said.The National Federation Of Fisheries Cooperatives of Korea is also speeding up its responses to the contaminated water. The organization, along with the Korea Federation of Fishery Businesses and the Customers Union of Korea, organized a campaign headquarters to protect Korean seafood and issued a public appeal. “The value of one million Korean fishermen is at risk of collapsing due to the discharge of polluted water in Japan,” the headquarters said, “We will resolutely deal with any unfounded anxiety and fear causing the consumption of seafood to decline.”Jung Min-heepr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Medipixel CEO Song Kyu-seok previously worked as an IT developer at LG Electronics and AhnLab. He developed Medipixel XA, an automatic cardiovascular imaging analysis program using AI deep learning technology to make a better treatment environment.“I’m a developer-turned-entrepreneur. I developed products that almost every Korean household used, such as AhnLab’s V3 vaccine (an antivirus software program). The same goes for the healthcare field. I know how to make a healthcare product that every hospital will use.”Song Kyo-seok, CEO of Medipixel, had confidence in his eyes, drawing blood vessels on a piece of paper to explain the company’s medical diagnostic program.During an interview with Korea Biomedical Review, he said he did not want to sound presumptuous.However, when asked about the company’s technology, he said it was “the world’s best.”“Medipixel XA, an automated cardiovascular vessel analysis program, analyzes cardiovascular images in the shortest time with the best performance. I’m sure our technology is the world's best in the current era,” Song said.It takes only one second for Medipixel XA, a software program using deep learning, to detect cardiovascular contours and lesions.There is no need to manually designate the division range or to perform a new operation for each lesion.The program identifies the main blood vessels and individual lesions located in branch blood vessels and recommends a customized stent. It plays its role as an assistant device used in real-time at the operation site.“When using existing products, physicians had to wait for three to five minutes to have results after designating the segmentation range manually. So how can they use them in urgent surgery? Those products were to help operation but failed to get into the operating room,” Song said.After hearing about such difficulties from surgeons, Song developed Medipixel XA with the support of cardiologists at Asan Medical Center (AMC). Song’s winning in the medical data analysis contest at AMC in 2017 helped him get AMC’s support.“We were incredibly lucky,” Song recalled, saying the AMC not only had a lot of accumulated data but annotation data, essential in supervised learning.According to Song, the company could carry out AI deep learning by securing more than 7,000 images of well-refined cardiovascular intervention videos.The lesion can be automatically recognized by AI and displayed as a quantified number by pixel. The company name “Medipixel” was also derived from this.Medipixel is also working on a navigation automation technology in the cardiovascular system where a guidewire finds the legion automatically.Song forecast that AI technology would be widespread in the robotic surgery market and took a step ahead.Song explained that with artificial general intelligence, which predicts and responds by itself outside the learning environment, the guidewire could be controlled in any desired direction in any blood vessel.“The current AI/deep learning technology focuses on diagnosis and prediction in the medical sector. But the demand for treatment-specializing AI programs will go up with the expansion of the robotic surgery market,” he said. “That’s why our company is focusing on ‘procedure assistance.’”How are clinicians responding to Medipixel XA? The program received the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety’s certification for medical devices in January. Hospitals in cooperation with Medipixel will start clinical trials in the second half.A single screen of Medipixel XA shows cardiovascular contour and lesion site as well as recommended stent types. (Credit: Medipixel).“Even those who were skeptical about it welcomed our prototype product after using it. The more it gets introduced in clinical sites, the more enthusiastic their responses will be,” Song said.‘AI medical device reimbursement should be viewed from forward-looking perspective’Although Medipixel is taking steps to commercialize the program, it still has to solve a big challenge – winning health insurance coverage for the program.No AI medical device approved by the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety has won reimbursement so far.Medipixel and other AI medical device developers share a concern that it is extremely difficult to make a profitable model through reimbursement in Korea.“Naturally, the government has to be prudent about spending the health insurance budget, which comes from taxpayers’ money,” Song said.The U.S. and European countries where AI technology is advanced handle reimbursement issues in various approaches, he went on to say.“What I want to propose is that we could make the verification and a little bit more forward-looking,” he said.More specifically, Song suggested introducing a pilot project for one or two years for safe products because they are not administered to the human body.According to Song's proposal, if they can benefit patients and help reduce costs in clinical settings during the pilot project, they can win the regulatory nod and reimbursement.This way, medical institutions have an opportunity to use new technology, and companies can accumulate clinical data, he said.However, the discussion is going slow in Korea. This is why AI medical device developers are searching for opportunities overseas.Medipixel is negotiating with cardiovascular imaging companies or surgical device companies to supply embedded software to medical devices. In the highly competitive medical device market, there is always a high demand for newer software faster and more accurate.“We have little room to break through the medical hardware sector but much potential in the software sector. So this is a golden opportunity to leap forward in the global market,” Song said.AI becomes part of life, AI developer goes globalSong emphasized that people should not vaguely regard AI technology as “next-generation future technology.”“AI is already around us. It is so natural that we are not even aware of it. People in all medical fields are thinking about how to apply AI and what products to develop. This is not an optimistic view as a developer, but it is the reality,” he said.Korea, which used to be a latecomer in AI technology, has made rapid advancement in just two or three years. Numerous companies boasted technological powers, and Korea drew attention from the global healthcare market.Thanks to the nation’s advancement in AI, Song has an international conference call several times a week.Medipixel attracted 6.5 billion won ($5.8 million) investment on May 13. Earlier, the Ministry of SMEs and Startups named Medipixel as a “national representative of innovative companies.”Making the company international is part of Song’s pursuit of happiness. If many people use the product he made with his own hands, it will make him happy as a developer and an engineer, Song said.“I hope that more healthcare professionals can use our product and more patients to be treated with our product. If that happens, I hope that Medipixel could be a company that creates a better diagnosis and treatment environment.”tweetKoh Jung Minjmk02@docdocdoc.co.krSee Other ArticlesCopyright © KBR Unauthorized reproduction, redistribution prohibited




The Jeonbuk Gunsan Coast Guard will operate the'Marine Safety Management Special Measures Period' until the 14th so that returnees and tourists visiting the sea can enjoy a safe and enjoyable Lunar New Year holiday.First, a joint inspection team with Gunsan City is organized to ▲ ship equipment operation and management status ▲ lifesaving equipment storage status ▲ compliance with relevant laws and regulations ▲ passenger management, seafarer and employee training, etc.In particular, it checks whether the government has implemented social distancing to prevent the spread of Corona 19, while conducting field guidance activities for quarantine regulations.In addition, we will establish operational order for multi-use ships such as passenger ships, guide ships, and fishing boats and take precautionary activities.During the intensive departure time of fishing fishing boats and leisure boats, real-time safety management is carried out through monitoring through the V-PASS (fishing vessel location transmitter) system and sharing flight information with the Vessel Traffic Control Center (VTS).In addition, security ships will be deployed in the sea area adjacent to major routes for returning passengers and tourists to maintain emergency response posture while reinforcing preventive patrols during vulnerable times."We will do our best to create a safe sea by carrying out preemptive accident prevention activities to protect the lives and property of precious people," said Park Sang-sik (Chief General), head of the Gunsan Maritime Police Department. "Please cooperate so that it can become a sea road," he asked.





The Busan City Special Judicial Police Department will conduct a ‘Special Cracking Down on Lunar New Year Food Safety’ from January 11 to 31, ahead of the Lunar New Year holiday.This special crackdown will be carried out targeting businesses that manufacture and sell agricultural, livestock, marine products, health functional foods, etc., where consumption increases due to New Year's Day rituals and gifts. In particular, the special envoy plans to actively utilize scientific enforcement techniques to detect illegal activities through inspection of pork origin determination kits and inspections in conjunction with professional organizations such as the Agricultural and Fishery Products Quality Management Service and the Institute of Health and Environment.The main crackdowns are ▲cooking and selling products past their expiration date ▲violation of food preservation standards and specifications ▲false or confusing labeling of the origin of agricultural, livestock, and marine products, including Japanese marine products ▲food hygiene, such as food manufacturing and cooking use of unlabeled products Whether management standards are complied with, etc.The special Judicial Police Department plans to take strict action against companies found to be violating the law, including confiscation of food and criminal charges in accordance with relevant regulations.▲If the country of origin is falsely indicated, a prison sentence of up to 7 years or a fine of up to 100 million won will be imposed in accordance with the ‘Act on Labeling of Origin of Agricultural and Fishery Products’. ▲If food preservation standards and specifications are violated, in accordance with the ‘Food Sanitation Act’ ▲If you cook or store a product past its expiration date for the purpose of selling, you will be subject to imprisonment for up to 3 years or a fine of up to 30 million won under the Food Sanitation Act.Meanwhile, the Busan City Special Judicial Police Department's Food Investigation Team (Food: 051-888-3097, Origin: 051-888-3091) is receiving reports from citizens about illegal activities.






Jeonnam Governor Kim Yeong-rok proclaims 2023 as the first year of the ‘Grand Leap Forward Jeonnam Happiness Era’
Governor Kim presents three major operational directions: global city government, balanced development center, and happy community... Expansion of happiness policies for citizens such as youth, seniors, middle-aged, small business owners, farmers and fishermen


(Muan = Break News) Correspondent Lee Hak-soo = Jeonnam Governor Kim Young-rok announced on the 27th that 2023 will be the first year of the “Great Leap Forward to the World in the Jeonnam Era of Happiness,” and will focus on global travel, a center for balanced development, and the construction of a happy community. presented


Governor Kim Young-rok held a year-end press conference in 2022 in the provincial government briefing room this morning, and announced major achievements this year and the direction of the 2023 road trip.

Jeollanam-do has secured a large amount of the national treasury budget to lead Jeonnam's great leap forward this year. In fact, ▲securing next year’s national treasury budget of 8.65 trillion won, the largest ever ▲New next-generation grid semiconductors, green hydrogen energy island, agri-food climate change response center, southern region wide-area tourism development leading project, and space launch vehicle science complex, etc. A lot of this was reflected. In the case of high-tech strategic industries by field, ▲opening of Korea Energy Engineering University ▲designation of space launch vehicle industry cluster ▲passing preliminary examination of Naju Energy National Industrial Complex ▲designation of special regulation-free zone for modified electric vehicles ▲176 companies and attracting 10 trillion won of investment, etc., equipped with global competitiveness. In the field of agriculture and fisheries, it has been preemptively responding to climate change and focused on increasing farmers and fishermen's income by ▲passing the preliminary examination of the Agricultural Food Climate Change Response Center ▲ completing the smart farm innovation valley, ▲incorporating the Namdo Marketplace and opening the Namdo Marketplace US (US).


In the field of culture and tourism, a global marine tourism belt was created by ▲expanding luxury accommodations such as Haenam Oceano Resort and Sinan Jaeun Sea One Resort ▲by attracting the World Tidal Flat Natural Heritage Conservation Headquarters and the National Maritime and Fisheries Museum.


In the field of happiness for the citizens of the island, ▲ Youth Farming Town ▲ Hopeful Stepping Stone Bankbook ▲ Youth Cultural Welfare Card ▲ Korea’s first expansion of our neighborhood welfare mobilization team ▲ 50% support for the tax-free oil increase difference (twice) ▲ 10% reduction in disaster insurance premiums ▲ Korea’s first 1,000 won passenger ship Operation ▲Expansion of public postpartum care centers (8th branch), etc., realizing the principle of citizens first.


In the field of the local era, it is leading a new regional era by creating specialized semiconductor complexes in Jeonnam and Gwangju, ▲ proclamation ceremony for a win-win vision for Yeongnam and Honam, ▲ a win-win agreement with Gyeonggi-do, and ▲ creating a super-wide mega city in Yeongnam and Honam in the southern region. In addition, ▲ the passing of the National Assembly of the ‘Special Act on Support for Depopulated Areas’ and the ‘Special Act on the Yeosu Expo’ and ▲ the government’s decision on the victims of the Yeosu-Sun Incident, etc., were resolved. Based on the achievements of the 7th popular election, Governor Kim Young-rok set 2023 as the first year of a 'great leap to compete with the world', unfolding a global journey to compete with the world's best, making Jeonnam the center of balanced development in Korea, and giving strength to the citizens. He expressed his plan to build a warm and happy community in Jeollanam-do. ◆ Realization of global Jeonnam standing tall in the world ▲ Attracting investment in high-tech strategic industries (scale of 30 trillion) ▲ Advanced semiconductor specialized complex ▲ Space launch vehicle specialized industrial complex ▲ World’s largest 8.2GW offshore wind power generation complex and green hydrogen energy island ▲ Distributed energy system ▲ A dedicated RE100 industrial complex where global IT companies gather will be created to lead the global new energy industry. In addition, ▲ Fostering a first-class university at Korea Energy Engineering University ▲ Research facilities for ultra-powerful lasers, a next-generation grid semiconductor center, and superconducting conductor test facilities for nuclear test reactors will be established to foster a world-class scientific center. To create a global tourism belt where culture, art, and tourism industries are converged ▲ Expansion of the southern region wide-area tourism development project by more than 3 trillion won ▲ Creation of the National Tidal Flat Wetland Garden ▲ Suncheon Bay International Garden Expo, National Sports Festival, International Ink Biennale, Visit Jeonnam Year With the successful hosting, the goal is to open the era of 100 million Jeonnam tourists and 3 million overseas tourists. To foster the future bio-industry of agricultural and fishery products, ▲high-tech agricultural industry convergence district ▲seaweed industry innovation cluster ▲eco-friendly export logistics platform establishment, etc. to foster high value-added industries through agricultural and fishery transformation, ▲nurturing 10,000 smart young farmers ▲establishment of the Namdo Food Promotion Institute ▲ The plan is to achieve $1 billion in agricultural food exports by expanding sales networks such as Namdo Marketplace US. ◆ Center of Balanced Development in Korea. For the construction of a new marine, cultural tourism, and eco-friendly Jeonnam capital, foster the south coast as a central axis of future new industries, such as ▲ ultra-wide offshore wind power industry belt with Jeonbuk and Jeju ▲ space industry belt with Gyeongnam ▲ elastic material belt with Busan and Gyeongnam . ▲ To foster new growth bases that will revitalize the region ▲ Attract public institutions such as the National Agricultural Cooperative Federation ▲ Foster 1 million Jeonnam Sarangae supporters ▲ Promote the Jeonnam-type Balanced Development 300 Project ▲ Expand and reorganize the integrated government offices in the eastern region to four offices Proceed. To expand the wide-area SOC, which is the main artery of the country ▲ Exemption from preliminary examination of the Jeolla Line high-speed railway and completion of the Gyeongjeon Line ▲ Gwangju-Yeongam Super Expressway and Gwangju-Goheung Expressway reflected in the national plan ▲ Aphae-Hwawon, Hwatae-Bakya, Yeosu-Namhae Undersea Tunnel, etc. It was decided to promote the marine tourism road without any problems. ◆ Happy Community Jeonnam. To create a warm and happy community in Jeollanam-do ▲Operation of Honam Youth Academy ▲Establishment of Youth Culture Center ▲Supporting dreams and hopes of young people by expanding Youth Culture and Welfare Cards ▲Expansion of support targets for our neighborhood welfare mobilization team ▲Support for travel products for the disabled ▲Customized jobs for the elderly ▲ Expansion of happiness policies such as support for heating costs for the elderly living alone ▲ Attracting the National Medical University to nurture it as a regional public medical command tower.


For SMEs struggling with high interest rates ▲ Special loan products worth KRW 100 billion and interest on loans ▲ Support for policy funds, interest and guarantee fees for small businesses ▲ Issuance of regional love gift certificates equivalent to previous years to vitalize the local economy plan to infuse


For farmers and fishermen who are having a hard time due to the rapid rise in oil prices and electricity rates, ▲extension of the tax-free oil support period, which is the first agricultural and fishery industry implemented by the province, for two more months ▲50% support for the increase in electricity rates for agriculture and fisheries ▲Support for livestock accident insurance and expand the scale of support.


Governor Kim Young-rok said, “In the era of great transition, the great Jeonnam that stands tall in the world depends on what we do from now on.”




AT SEA SINGAPORE SHIP COLLISION

Five missing after collision between tanker and dredger in Singapore territorial waters

A view of the Dominican-registered dredger JBB De Rong after it collided with the Indonesian-registered tanker Kartika Segara in Singapore territorial waters, some 1.7 nautical miles south-west of Sisters Island, Singapore, 13 September 2017. Seven of the Chinese nationals have been rescued by the Singapore Police Coast Guard. Five crew remain unaccounted for.




In spring, outside activities are limited due to cold weather and high waves, but the number of tourists increases due to warm weather, and fishing boats are active in fishing, which is characterized by an increase in total maritime traffic.In particular, in spring, due to the relatively poor number of days of bad weather and poor registration conditions, it is time to pay special attention to the prevention of marine safety accidents.In the past three years, there have been a total of 731 ship accidents in the sea within the Yeosu Coastal Gyeongsang Province, and the number of marine leisure populations and passengers has steadily increased, and accidents by ship type include fishing boats (54.4%), fishing boats (14.8%), and leisure boats (11.0%). ), cargo ships (3.6%), and tugboats* (3.4%).By type of accident cause, the majority of accidents due to human factors are inadequate for safety due to poor maintenance (38.9%), negligence in operation (32.3%), negligence in management (15.3%), and bad weather (4.4%). Therefore, it was found that it was necessary to change the safety consciousness of the captain, ship workers, and marine leisure activists.Meanwhile, in March, a 29-ton anchovy fishing boat was placed on a reef in the coast of Songdo, Dolsan-eup, Yeosu-si, and a part of the vessel was submerged.The seven crew members on board in this accident were fortunately rescued, but the ship was severely damaged. As a result of the investigation of the cause of the accident, the ship sails in a low-depth, island-rich area at night, and the captain entrusts the sailing (steering gear) to a foreign sailor and is placed on a reef that has been temporarily absent. The bottom of the engine room is flooded with a wave hole, leading to great personal injury. It was a dizzying accident that could have been.We must never forget that this accident is also a representative safety insensitivity event, and vigilance can lead to an accident.As a result, Yeosu Coast Guard has been designated as a ``Agricultural Weapon Accident Frequent Sea Area'' that reflects recent accident statistics and meteorological analysis △V-PASS (fishing vessel location) in preparation for a sudden increase in marine accidents from March, where dense sea fog (agricultural weapons) is frequent △ △Providing marine safety information using various media such as transmission system) △Intensive management of vulnerable ships and multi-use ships △Operating a responsibility system for the security ship sector to prevent ``site-oriented'' maritime accidents △Immediately by strengthening cooperation with civil, government, and military rescue forces Preemptive accident prevention measures were established and implemented through the establishment of a rescue posture.First, as a result of a close analysis of the accident area for the last three years with the designation of the ``accident-prone sea area'' considering the characteristics of each sea area, a total of 5 locations (Gamak Bay, Geumo Island, and the nearby sea area) including Gamak Bay (the sea surrounded by Yeosu Peninsula and Dolsan Island, Jeollanam-do). In the vicinity of Sorido, Geogeumdo, and Baekdo), it is planned to reinforce accident response capacity by designating areas with frequent accidents of agricultural weapons and placing rescue forces in the center of a certain area. Second, in case of bad weather, V-PASS (fishing vessel location transmitter) is used to provide real-time weather information (agriculture occurrence, weather forecast, etc.), and low visibility for sailing vessels in non-controlled waters when ships are dispatched. )* The purpose of preemptive accident prevention activities is to maintain order in maritime traffic through related information and navigational safety broadcasts.Third, with intensive management of vulnerable ships and multi-use ships, safety management is reinforced through active control by implementing the ``preservation ship operation management warning system'' and ``coast safety accident risk forecast system'' for customized management by ship type.Fourth, by analyzing and dataizing the security situation in the area under the jurisdiction of the patrol vessel, the ``sector responsibility system'' is implemented to prevent maritime accidents in advance and for responsible security, and immediately use the data analyzed and data in the event of an accident and prevention activities in the jurisdiction. As a result, the guard ship is planning to actively cope with it.Fifth, by reinforcing cooperation with civil, government, and military rescue forces, an immediate rescue posture was established to discuss countermeasures against marine accidents of agricultural weapons in Yeosu, Goheung, and Gwangyang. The establishment of immediate structural posture is sometimes implemented through cooperation.Prior to these special countermeasures for marine accidents, vacationers and ship officials who visit the sea to prevent marine accidents say that changes in safety consciousness such as observing basic safety rules such as weather check, pre-departure inspection, thorough vigilance during operation, and wearing a life jacket are more important than anything else. I can say it.The Maritime Police will do their best to create a safe sea without maritime accidents by strengthening education and public relations activities to transform public safety consciousness to prevent safety accidents of sea families.In addition, do not lose laughter during difficult times due to Corona 19, and to prevent the spread of infectious diseases, we will always be with the marine police with the sea family until the day it becomes a daily routine again by keeping social distancing and observing quarantine rules.







THAILAND BOAT COLLISION

Full Moon Paty transport boat collision

A handout photo released by Thai Marine Police Division shows Thai Rescue workers taking an injured victim to a hospital after a boat collision at Phangan Island in Surat Thani province 650 km south of Bangkok, Thailand. 27 June 2010. Two speed boats taking Thai and foreign tourists to attend the Full Moon Party collided about three kilometres away from Pha-Ngan Island on early morning 27 June 2010, injuring 39.




Sewol ferry sinking that killed 304, including 250 teenagers on school trip, traumatized nation for years. South Korea has lived through a series of disasters and tragedies, but the sinking of the Sewol ferry with the loss of over 300 passengers and crew nearly 10 years ago left a lasting mark on Korea's collective psyche.The failure to save hundreds of people trapped in the slowly sinking ship, shown live on TV, and learning that it was another humanmade disaster caused by corruption, incompetence and a chronic insensitivity to safety enraged and saddened South Koreans to the point of what felt like a mass depression that lasted for years.At around 8:50 a.m. on April 16, 2014, the Sewol ferry, en route from Incheon to Jeju, capsized off the southwestern island of Jindo, South Jeolla Province, after making rapid turns in the Maenggol Channel, which is known for its strong currents.Among the passengers was Yu Ga-young and her classmates from Danwon High School in Ansan, Gyeonggi Province.“Everyone was at the cafeteria that morning, and suddenly we realized that the plates and desks were tilted,” Yu wrote in her book of essays published early this year.“Before getting on to the helicopter, I think looked back at my friends. I wonder how they would look at me, did they resent me for leaving first.”Over 250 students from Danwon High were on board, but only 75, including Yu, survived.In the first book written by a survivor of the Sewol, Yu wrote that she still visits the sea in her nightmares, and suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder. She has struggled with depression, insomnia, self-harm and spent time in a closed ward in a psychiatric hospital. Yu loved books and had dreamed of becoming a librarian, but after the Sewol, she could not read a word.How it happened: The Sewol ferry was originally called “Naminoue.” Built in Japan in 1994, the passenger vessel had navigated to remote islands between Kagoshima and Okinawa for 18 years before it was bought by Korea’s Chonghaejin Marine in 2012.The ship underwent six months of modifications to add two more decks of passenger space and expand the cargo space as its new owner wanted it to be more profitable. This increased the gross tonnage of the Sewol by 239 tons to 6,825 tons, and altered the ship’s center of gravity. Chonghaejin also increased the ship’s passenger capacity by 117 people to a total of 921.The ferry began service between Incheon and Jeju in March 2013.When the Sewol set sail from Incheon on the evening before the sinking, it was recorded that it had 150 vehicles and 657 tons of freight on board, but in fact 180 vehicles and 1,157 tons of cargo had been loaded onto it, which was twice the legal limit. The excess weight and unsecured cargo contributed to the destabilization of the vessel.Having departed 2 1/2 hours after its scheduled time due to heavy fog that kept many vessels from leaving the port, it deviated from its intended course, possibly to save time.The poorly balanced ferry made multiple turns as it navigated through the Maengol Channel. After getting out of the waterway, it made a sharp turn against a strong current. The shoddily secured cars, trucks and shipping containers slid to the left, and the vessel tipped.The first distress call, made by one of the passengers, was received at 8:52 a.m. Three minutes later, the ship's crew notified the Vessel Traffic Service center in Jeju that the ship was in the process of sinking. In their communication with the nearest VTS center in Jindo at 9:17 a.m., they reported that the ship had tilted to an angle exceeding 50 degrees.At first, the media falsely reported that all the 476 people on board had been rescued. It turned out, however, that the passengers were repeatedly told over the intercom to stay in their cabins while the captain and crew members jumped ship, and the Korea Coast Guard lost precious time before starting rescue, citing the fast currents. According to news reports, more than half of the 172 survivors were rescued by fishing boats and other commercial vessels, instead of the Coast Guard.Videos filmed and KakaoTalk messages sent by the passengers, mostly the students, and released by the media showed their last moments in which some of them said, “Mom and dad, I love you.”A joint investigation by the police and the prosecution later concluded that the Sewol sank due to overloading of cargo, renovations that made the ferry dangerously top-heavy, and the helmsman’s steering error.Public anger and criticism mounted against the crew that told the passengers to stay put even as they evacuated; the ship owner that recklessly expanded the vessel’s passenger and cargo spaces and overloaded it; the corrupt regulators that turned a blind eye to all this; the Coast Guard and eventually against then-President Park Geun-hye for staying in her bedroom for seven hours after she was initially briefed on the ferry accident that morning.Aftermath: Nine official investigations and inquiries have been conducted over the Sewol ferry sinking, and more than 150 regulators, crew members, ship inspectors and officials from ferry and loading companies have been arrested and indicted for their wrongdoings that led to the disaster. South Korea implemented stricter safety regulations and enacted laws to combat corruption and hold companies accountable for prioritizing profits over safety.In November 2015, the Supreme Court upheld a lower court ruling that sentenced the captain, Lee Joon-seok, to life imprisonment for murder as he abandoned the ship where hundreds of passengers were trapped in. Fourteen other crew members were sentenced to up to 12 years in jail.Kim Kyeong-il, captain of the Coast Guard patrol boat No. 123 which arrived at the scene first but failed to order the passengers to leave the ferry, was sentenced to three years in prison for involuntary manslaughter due to professional negligence. He was the only member of the Coast Guard found guilty over the ferry disaster. In early November this year, the top court acquitted the leadership of the Coast Guard including its former chief Kim Seok-kyun and nine other top officers of involuntary manslaughter due to professional negligence.The sunken ferry was pulled out of the waters in March 2017 following lengthy delays due to technological and cost issues. The remains of four missing passengers were found as it was raised. The wreck of Sewol has since been placed on the dock of the southwestern port of Mokpo.Then-President Park Geun-hye was heavily criticized for refusing to clarify what she was up to during the seven hours she was out of the public eye. The media reported various speculations that her office denied, but did not explain further. The Sewol victims’ families and their supporters including opposition politicians organized massive protests that eventually led up to Park’s impeachment in 2017.“The Park administration failed to empathize with the anguish of the bereaved families,” Yeom Jae-ho, former president of Korea University and president of Taejae University, wrote in his recent column.“The opposition party and its mainstream faction composed of student activist-turned politicians, on the other hand, saw through their rage and pains of the younger generation to capitalize on their anger."In her memoir series carried by a local media company since October this year, Park said that because of her lack of response to the suspicions, “what is not factual was taken as facts, leading to divisions and disruptions in Korean society.”She, however, admitted that she checked the initial report on the ferry accident only belatedly, and that a hairdresser had visited her official residence during that time.South Korea still has a long way to go to recover from the wounds of the Sewol, and the survivors are trying.Yu, the survivor, wrote her book of essays as part of the activities of a nonprofit organization called “Wounded Healer,” which she founded with her friends in 2018 to connect with other traumatized survivors. Her group has sought to console and support others who have been hurt, through therapeutic puppetry for children and volunteer work to help the elderly who lost their homes to forest fires.“I thank people who treated me without prejudice and people who reached out to me unconditionally,” Yu said, adding that it was their support that gave her the courage to write the book so that the Sewol ferry disaster would not be forgotten.This article is the final installment of the "History through The Korea Herald" series, which has revisited significant events and issues over seven decades through articles, photos and editorial pieces published in The Korea Herald.




Some 20 N. Koreans Rescued After Fishing Boat Collides With Japanese Patrol Ship. Some 20 North Korean fishermen have been rescued after their boat collided with a Japanese patrol ship and sank in the East Sea.The collision took place around 9 a.m. in waters northwest of the Noto Peninsula in Ishikawa Prefecture.The fishing boat sank soon after the incident, and around 20 crew members presumed to be onboard were thrown into the water.But it is not clear yet whether all of the crew members were saved.




SEOUL, March 23 (Yonhap) -- South Korea's efforts to secure and bring home a Marine draftee who is currently in Poland without overseas travel permission have stalled due to his refusal to return, a Seoul official said Wednesday.South Korean Embassy personnel are waiting to contact the Marine outside a checkpoint in a Polish border region to which the man was taken after he was denied access to Ukraine on Tuesday.He is reportedly refusing to come out of the checkpoint for an unspecified reason. Embassy officials are not allowed to enter the checkpoint as it is a facility under foreign jurisdiction.The Marine, whose name was withheld, departed for Warsaw on Monday morning. A local media outlet reported the man intended to enter Ukraine to help the country's fight against Russia's invasion.By law, those serving mandatory military service must gain permission for overseas travel. Otherwise, they can be subject to punishment for desertion.
South Korea has banned its citizens from traveling to Ukraine since mid-February amid safety concerns.The suspected desertion came after Rhee Keun, a former Navy commando, recently entered Ukraine to help its battle against Russia despite Seoul's repeated warnings.







Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance said Friday the company had put together a special team before the nation's rainy season that will work to prevent customers' cars from being flooded.The nation's largest general insurance provider said the 3,000-member team will strengthen its monitoring of 250 places nationwide ― 128 in metro-Seoul and 122 in provincial regions ― that are in danger of being flooded. The insurance company will also move its customers' cars parked at the locations, in cooperation with the police, after informing owners."We are ready to minimize flood damage for our customers this summer," said Lee Seok-ki, a manager at Samsung. "We will make our customers happy with our differentiated services."The announcement came before the start of the rainy season, which is expected to begin this weekend. The season usually comes to the Korean Peninsula in mid-June to early July and continues for a couple of weeks to a month. In July and August, typhoons occasionally hit the country, bringing strong winds and heavy rain.Samsung has practiced the procedure of moving cars quickly in anticipation of flooding as part of efforts to protect its customers' cars. It also asks municipal governments to set up safety facilities in places that were frequently flooded in the past."We aim to prevent flood damage in advance as well as move cars from flooded areas quickly," Samsung said. Samsung Fire & Marine is the leading general insurer in the country with 64.1 trillion in assets in the first quarter, up from 62.9 trillion won three months ago. Its operating profit reached 5.2 trillion in the January-March period, up 141 billion won from a year ago.The company offers a wide range of policies from home and auto insurance to health care and cancer. Its Anycar auto insurance is popular among drivers for its quick service following accidents and wide coverage for damages.




 






Gunsan Coast Guard 'Spring Maritime Traffic Safety Measures' Promotion From March to July… Started special safety management for marine accidents Reporter Kim Hyun-jong The Gunsan Coast Guard, Jeollabuk-do, sets a special preparation period to prevent marine accidents, which occur most frequently during agricultural weapons, from March to July, when the sea is foggy, and promotes maritime traffic safety measures.In particular, based on past statistical data that showed that accidents due to negligence and negligence of fishing vessels were concentrated, the areas vulnerable to marine accidents were designated as areas prone to accidents with agricultural weapons, and training was conducted according to the characteristics of each type of vessel, such as passenger ships and cargo ships.In addition, it is a policy to secure the golden time in the early stage of the accident by flexibly deploying security forces.In addition, by using the multi-purpose broadcasting equipment installed on the southern breakwater of Gunsan Port and Munyeo Island, it provides maritime safety information such as the current status of fog from time to time, and provides training on the prevention of agricultural weapon accidents for marine workers.In addition, the public-private-government cooperation system will also be strengthened through the regional maritime search and rescue technical committee in which related organizations participate.Gunsan Maritime Police Station Chief Kim Choong-gwan (Superintendent) said, "In March, as fishing boats began to operate in earnest, there were frequent accidents in which equipment that had been stopped during the winter season broke down. By strengthening cooperation with the government-military rescue forces, we are ready for an immediate rescue in case of a maritime accident," he said.He added, "Most marine accidents that occur during agricultural machinery are human resources resulting from insensitivity to safety, and when thick fog is forecast, the safety awareness of operators, such as refraining from departures, is more important than anything else," he said. We plan to further strengthen the prevention of various marine accidents by strengthening patrols."Meanwhile, over the past three years, 44% of ship accidents in the seas of Gunsan occurred during the spring agricultural season(March to July). From January to July, 40 low visibility warnings were issued, accounting for 80% of the total.During this period, it was analyzed that the risk of marine accidents such as ship collision, disorientation, and isolation of hepatic rocks increased due to heavy fog.







Yeosu City, South Jeolla Province held an emergency meeting on the 8th and went into full readiness according to the weather forecast that Typhoon Kanun will land on the southern coast between the 9th and 10th.According to Yeosu City, a situation judgment meeting in preparation for typhoons was held at the Disaster and Safety Situation Room presided over by Yeosu Mayor Jung Ki-myeong this morning.The meeting was held to preemptively respond to the possibility that the course of Typhoon Kanun, which caused great damage to Japan, could affect Yeosu.At the meeting, Mayor Jung Ki-myeong shared the typhoon's movement route and weather forecast with all department heads and eup, myeon, and dong heads (images) in attendance, and analyzed the possible impact on the city.Accordingly, Yeosu City decided to take preemptive measures such as operating an emergency work system according to the special weather report to respond closely to each flexible situation and deploying manpower and equipment for lifesaving in advance.Upon receiving a report on the priority response situation, Mayor Chung ordered that all administrative powers be concentrated and closely promoted, such as preliminary measures for risk areas and facilities with high risk of damage, preparations by sector, and countermeasures, with the safety of citizens as the top priority.In particular, when a typhoon advisory takes effect, it is instructed to conduct full control of beaches in the jurisdiction, and to evacuate residents in landslide risk areas, semi-basement houses, and low-lying areas in flooded areas in advance.In addition, along with preemptive control of facilities such as rivers, underpasses, and marine bridges, it was emphasized that prior inspections such as binding and fixing of agricultural and livestock houses, fish farms, building site tower cranes, and outdoor signboards in preparation for strong winds were required.In addition, efforts were made to prevent flooding by checking the operation of the drainage pump station, forward placement of flood prevention materials, and maintenance of drainage channels, and ships were requested to take precautionary measures to prevent damage, such as controlling the departure of fishing boats.Yeosu Mayor Chung Ki-myung said, "The most important thing in disaster response is to ensure that there are no casualties."He added, “Citizens are urged to refrain from going out during the time when the typhoon is concentrated, and pay attention to national action tips such as disaster text messages, forecasting and warning facilities, and social media.”





 






With this historic trial in the Finnish capital’s port last week, ABB and Helsinki City Transport took the next step in autonomous shipping. In the remote trial, the world’s first for an existing passenger ferry, ABB successfully tested the enhancement of ship operations with technologies that are already available for nearly any kind of vessel.“We are excited about the potential impact of this test on the future of the maritime industry,” said Peter Terwiesch, the President of ABB’s Industrial Automation division. “Advanced automation solutions from ABB are making the previously impossible possible for a wide range of sectors, including shipping, which is actively searching for technologies that can rapidly deliver more efficiency and better safety.”“Autonomous does not mean unmanned. As vessels become more electric, digital and connected than ever before, ABB is able to equip seafarers with existing solutions that augment their skillsets. In this way, we are enhancing the overall safety of marine operations,” said Juha Koskela, Managing Director at ABB’s Marine & Ports unit.Suomenlinna II was retrofitted with ABB’s new dynamic positioning system, ABB Ability™ Marine Pilot Control, and steered from a control center in Helsinki.Speaking after the voyage, Captain Heinonen said: “The progress we have made with the remote trial has been remarkable. I believe we are on the right track to exploring further possibilities of this technology as we move forward.”This breakthrough trial represents a crucial step toward increasing the maritime industry’s acceptance of autonomous operation systems. Autonomous solutions are expected to transform international shipping in the coming decades as the industry recovers from the downturn caused by the 2008 financial crisis. Global demand for maritime transport has grown by 30 percent over the past decade, according to the International Chamber of Shipping data, while more than 10 billion tons of cargo are now transported by sea every year.Suomenlinna II normally voyages from Helsinki to Suomenlinna fortress, the UNESCO World Heritage site on a nearby island. For the remote piloting trial, the ferry departed from Helsinki’s market square, Kauppatori, and Captain Heinonen wirelessly operated Suomenlinna II with ABB Ability™ Pilot Control through a pre-selected area of Helsinki harbor.The trial took place during the vessel’s off hours, away from shore with no passengers aboard, in an area free of other vessels. While it is now equipped with the new dynamic positioning system, the vessel will continue to operate via a set of conventional onboard controls, with the remote mode deployed during the trial only. Research and development will continue with the ferry and her crew.Suomenlinna II, originally built in 2004, is fitted with ABB’s icebreaking Azipod® electric propulsion system. Additionally, the ferry was retrofitted with ABB Ability™ Marine Pilot Vision situational awareness solution in 2017. Suomenlinna II operates year-round, undisturbed by the harsh winter conditions that affect all other modes of transport in the Helsinki region. ABB Ability™ is ABB’s leading offering of digital solutions and services.






MIDEAST ISRAEL COLLISION

The damaged bow of the Cypriot ship Salamis Glory is visible as the ship is docked in Haifa port on 31 August 2007 with Israeli navy ships behind. Last night the ship collided with an Israeli cargo ship outside the port, which sank the ship. Israeli rescue personnel rescued 11 sailors from the cargo ship immediately after the collision and sinking, but two sailors were missing. The two missing sailors' bodies were found by divers, twelve hours after the collision. They were identified as Slovak sailors and police said they were the ship's first mate and an engineer. 




On Wednesday evening, hordes of people were relishing raw fish at Noryangjin Fisheries Wholesale Market ― a rare scene of late due to growing fears over Japan's release of radioactive wastewater from the Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean.Some of those who ventured to the nation's largest fish market in southern Seoul were there with a common sentiment, wondering when or if they would next visit because of concerns about the safety of seafood."I abruptly decided to visit with my friend after hearing news about the upcoming water discharge," Lee Na-yeon, 26, told The Korea Times, referring to Japan's plan to begin dumping wastewater on Thursday.Lee Jung-sook, 26, accompanied by her friend, also said, "I like raw fish, so I'm a regular visitor here. But now, amid concerns over the radioactive wastewater issue, I am questioning if I will visit again for a while."As the two 26-year old women expressed, the Fukushima water release is sparking concerns among many locals, with fisheries markets falling financial victims.On Thursday, Japan initiated the release of contaminated water from the crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant into the Pacific Ocean, with the dumping expected to continue for at least the next 30 years."Even though the Chuseok holiday is around the corner, everyone here is worried that business will not go well due to the radioactive wastewater matter," said Kim Duck-ho, a chief of the promotional team at the Noryangjin market.The woes among merchants are carried across the board by seafood market merchants."I have not had a single customer today (until 4:30 p.m.)," a fishmonger at Mapo Agricultural and Marine Products Market in western Seoul told The Korea Times, Tuesday, hours after the Japanese government announced its release plan.There were only six people looking around to purchase seafood, while all the merchants at marine product stalls were sitting around on chairs, waiting for customers to appear."I've been selling products here for 25 years, and never before have I experienced such a profound recession," said Jung Yang-ho, a president of the merchant association of the Mapo market."Ever since Japan brought up the issue of discharging radioactive water into the ocean, our marine product sales have been on a continuous decline," he added.








 






JAPAN AT SEA SINGAPORE US NAVY SHIP COLLISION

US Navy plans to relieve Commander of 7th fleet of command after ship collisions

Vice Admiral Joseph Aucoin, Commander of the US 7th Fleet, looks on during a press conference as the damaged US Navy destroyer USS Fitzgerald is seen in the background at Yokosuka Naval Base in Yokosuka, south of Tokyo, Japan, 18 June 2017 (reissued 23 August 2017). According to media reports on 22 August 2017, the US Navy plans to remove Vice Admiral Joseph Aucoin of his command of the US Seventh Fleet due to four US Navy involved collisions that have happened since January, including the 21 August 2017 collision involving the USS John S. Mccain and the Alnic MC merchant ship in the waters near the Strait of Malacca and Singapore, which left five sailors injured and 10 missing. On 17 June 2017, the USS Fitzgerald collided with the MV ACX Crystal container ship in water south west of Tokyo, Japan, killing seven US Navy sailors. 




Hyundai Heavy Industries (HHI) Group demonstrated a self-navigating passenger boat on the Pohang Canal, Wednesday.The 12-passenger vessel departed on its own, sailed 10 kilometers and docked with zero human interference. Human workers were on board in case of emergency but did not interfere, the company said.  The designated route was not easy, it added. The upper part of waterway is just 10 meters wide, while downstream near the sea, the boat had to navigate between vessels parked on both sides.  Like autonomous vehicles, the passenger boat is equipped with sensors and cameras that automatically register the surroundings including weather conditions, waves and other ships, to make sailing decisions. It also has technology to analyze the ship’s condition automatically.  Software that made the self-navigation possible was developed by Avikus, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hyundai Heavy Industries Group. The unit started out as an HHI lab for navigation software and was spun off from its parent company in December last year.  
 “With the self-navigation technology demonstrated today, we plan to commercialize the world’s first self-driving leisure boat next year,” said Lim Do-hyeong, Avikus CEO. Market research firm Acute Market Reports estimates the market for autonomous ships will grow at an annual average of 12.6 percent per year from 2020 to reach $235.7 billion in 2028. In Wednesday’s demonstration, KT took part to test the real-time transmission of data obtained from the boat in Pohang to KT’s network control center in Gwacheon, Gyeonggi, more than 300 kilometers away.A KT employee remote controls the ship in Pohang from KT's network control center in Gwacheon, Gyeonggi. [KT]
Via the 5G network, high-resolution video and data obtained from the sensors were shared. The two also tested remote controlling the boat from the Gwacheon office using the high-speed network. This is possible because 5G allows for low-latency transmission, meaning the delay between what’s happening on the boat and when the data arrives at the control center is very short.  “Even if ships operate on their own, there will need to be a control tower that gathers information and prepares for emergency situations,” said a KT spokesman. “The sea is a completely different environment from car roads given the tides, wind and other ships.”KT is already offering 4G-based marine safety services. The company said it plans to develop other business models related to ships and self-navigation using the 5G network.




Pohang Coast Guard issues ‘advisory’ warning of danger in coastal waters. Pohang Marine Police Station (Chief Ji-han Kim) issued the ‘Warning’ level of the coastal accident risk forecast system as strong winds and high waves are expected in the East Sea from January 18th to 25th. Coastal accident risk forecasting refers to informing the public of the risk by dividing it into three levels (attention, advisory, and warning) when damage due to a special weather report or natural disaster is expected. According to the weather forecast, strong winds of 9 to 14 m/s and high waves of 2 to 4 m are expected to blow in the East Sea from the 18th, and the wind warning is likely to be prolonged until the 25th. Accordingly, the Pohang Coast Guard recommends that multi-use vessels such as fishing boats and fishing boats in coastal waters enter port early, and plans to strengthen patrols around breakwaters and coastal rocks that are at risk of overtopping and falling accidents.
In addition, we plan to request the sending of disaster text messages to Pohang and Gyeongju cities to provide risk information to tourists visiting the coast and do our best to prevent damage from safety accidents in coastal waters due to bad weather. Chief Kim Ji-han said, “During the cold season, the temperature is low and accidents can lead to casualties in the event of an accident.” He added, “In order to minimize damage from safety accidents, the public needs to make their own efforts, such as frequently checking weather information and complying with safety rules.” .




On May 9, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs made an announcement on an inspection team that would be dispatched to the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant and said, “We have secured an opportunity to individually inspect and evaluate the safety of the contaminated water treatment on various levels.” However, the Japanese government announced that the inspection team would “not assess or verify safety,” revealing the different views of the two countries on the role of the inspection team, a result of the agreement between the two state leaders in the latest summit. In a meeting of the parliamentary Foreign Affairs and Unification Committee Tuesday, the opposition party criticized that the inspection team was simply a show for formalities.In a report to the Foreign Affairs and Unification Committee Tuesday, the foreign ministry listed the dispatch of a field inspection team to examine the contaminated water at the Fukushima nuclear power plant as an achievement of the South Korea-Japan summit on May 7 and explained, “An inspection team of our government and agency experts will inspect the facilities used to treat the contaminated water and secure the information necessary for our own scientific and technological analysis.” The foreign ministry further said, “Our government has secured an opportunity to individually inspect and evaluate the safety of the contaminated water treatment on various levels, in addition to the existing work by the IAEA monitoring task force, in which we already take part.”However, in a press conference on Tuesday, Japanese Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Yasutoshi Nishimura said, “We expect the inspection by the South Korean experts to enable the South Korean society to have a deeper understanding of the safety in releasing contaminated water,” but added, “They will not be evaluating or verifying safety.” South Korea and Japan released contrasting views on the role of the inspection team.Democratic Party of Korea (DP) lawmaker Park Jeung said to Chang Ho-jin, first vice minister of foreign affairs, in the parliamentary committee meeting Tuesday, “Our foreign ministry said we had an opportunity to assess and verify, but they (Japan) claim that that is not it. Are you aware of this?” Vice Minister Chang answered, “It is only a difference of words,” and added, “Next week, we will have a director-level meeting to discuss how to operate the inspection team.” Independent legislator Kim Hong-gul quoted Minister Nishimura and asked, “Is there a possibility for us to verify the situation?” Chang answered, “Japan is very reluctant to use the word verification,” and further said, “Whether it is a verification, an inspection or an observation, what is actually important is the activities we engage in when we enter, isn’t it?”Democratic Party legislator Park Hong-keun pointed out that the two countries were making completely opposite statements. Chang said, “I think his (Minister Nishimura) tendency may also be an issue, but I just think it is his opinion,” and added, “Even if that is how he thinks, we will not do things according to his way.” Democratic Party lawmaker Lee Won-wook mentioned media articles suggesting that the visit by the inspection team could actually threaten the government’s principle to ban the import of agricultural and marine products from Fukushima. The foreign vice minister replied that the two issues were completely irrelevant and said that the Democratic Party lawmaker was going too far. Kim Sang-hee, another Democratic Party legislator, asked, “Didn’t Prime Minister Kishida hurry to come (to South Korea) in order to evade responsibility thinking he had to do something before releasing the contaminated water in June and July?” and argued, “Our government responded (to the dispatch of an inspection team) without any preparations.”Legislator Cho Jeong-sik (DP) suggested that the inspection team was simply a puppet sent to Japan before the final verification process by the IAEA (on the contaminated water) in June to receive information and listen to the explanation of Japan to make it look like all the formalities had been met. He argued, “The two-day trip was improvised very hastily.” Vice Minister Chang argued that there was no need to reach a hasty conclusion when the inspection team had yet to be dispatched.Lawmaker Woo Sang-ho (DP) asked, “When the water is released this summer, aren’t you afraid of how the people residing in the coastal areas of Jeju-do, Busan, Gyeongsangnam-do, Jeollanam-do, and Jeollabuk-do will react?” and mentioned public concern that this was simply a formality to practically give Japan permission to release the water. Chang said, “If there are some parts that we find unsatisfactory in the inspection, naturally, we will seek an explanation (from Japan).”The ruling People Power Party (PPP) emphasized the legitimacy and effectiveness of dispatching an inspection team. PPP legislator Chung Jin-suk asked the foreign vice minister, “Isn’t the IAEA currently conducting a two-track verification, and isn’t South Korea participating in both tracks?” He also said, “Aside from this, South Korea is sending another inspection team. We are trying to look at the multiple layers of this issue (contaminated water).” When PPP lawmaker Lee Myoung-su asked the significance of the summit with Japan, Vice Minister Chang said, “The people had concerns about the treatment of contaminated water from Fukushima, and I think we created an important opportunity to considerably ease their concerns.”




Hanwha Ocean is facing a setback in its production and a dispute with its labor union, after a 27-year-old subcontracted worker died last week from an explosion at the shipbuilder’s shipyard on Geoje Island, South Gyeongsang Province, according to industry officials, Tuesday.The worker, who began working at the shipyard last March, reportedly died in the hospital after he was injured in an explosion at around 3 p.m. on Friday, during grinding work at a rudder factory.This was the first fatal industrial accident at the shipyard, since Hanwha Group’s acquisition of the shipbuilder, which was previously called Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (DSME). The company expressed its condolences immediately after the worker’s death, promising every effort to find the cause of the accident and prevent similar problems.Hanwha Ocean’s unionized workers, however, asked the authorities to arrest the executive who is managing the company. They claimed that management has been desperate to resume operations since the latest accident, rather than making efforts to prevent similar accidents.“Since the Serious Accidents Punishment Act (SAPA) took effect, five fatal industrial accidents have happened at DSME, so we hoped that the shipyard would be safer after Hanwha’s acquisition seven months ago,” a union representative said at a press conference, Tuesday.The law, which was implemented in January 2022, states that a company’s CEO can be sent to jail if a serious worksite accident occurs if the company has not taken sufficient safety precautions.The union pointed out that a reorganization of the company’s health and safety team during the sale procedure in 2022 disrupted the team’s ability to deal with health and safety issues.“The labor ministry should order Hanwha Ocean to cease all operations at its worksites nationwide and should carry out a special labor inspection of the company,” the union said. “Hanwha Ocean should allow the union to join the inspection of its health and safety systems and reinforce safety managers at workplaces.”After the press conference in Tongyeong, South Gyeongsang Province, the workers met with the head of the labor ministry’s regional office. The labor ministry has begun looking into whether Hanwha Ocean violated the SAPA. It also ordered the shipbuilder to halt its operations, Monday, to find out the cause of the accident. “Our company immediately reported the accident to the police and the labor ministry,” Hanwha Ocean said in its regulatory filing. “We will resume production once we find out the cause of the accident and come up with countermeasures.”




Navy says Sewol ferry sinking not caused by submarine collision. SEOUL, Dec. 27 (Yonhap) -- The deadly sinking of the Sewol ferry two years ago was an accident, which left 295 dead and nine missing, not caused by the ship colliding with a submarine, the Navy said Tuesday.The response comes after an online commenter named "Zaro -- Netizens' investigation team" argued that the ferry sinking was the result of the the passenger ship hitting a submarine in a nearly nine-hour-long documentary released Monday via YouTube.But the Navy flatly denied the documentary as being based on "groundless" suspicions, saying there was no submarine in operation or conducting drills in the nearby waters on April 16, 2014, when the accident took place. "The waters are 37 meters deep on average and not suitable for submarine action due to rapid currents and heavy commercial shipping and fishing boat traffic," the Navy said in a statement.In the documentary, the commenter pointed out that the route taken by the ill-fated ferry didn't match conventional routes and external factors such as a submarine collision can explain the disaster.He claimed an errant sub collided with the Sewol based on his analysis of radar recordings and the Navy may have concealed the submarine crash in order to achieve its goal of sailing 2 million miles without an accident.In 2015, the Navy set a new record for sailing some 2 million miles for 23 years without any serious accidents.The government has steadfastly maintained the accident was caused by overloaded freight, the crew's lack of experience in navigation and outdated safety features on the ship."We are considering filing a suit against the netizen Zaro and Kim Kwan-mook, a professor at Ewha Womans University, for spreading false information and defamation of submarine crewmembers," a Navy official said.The nanoscience professor also argued that radar data showed there was something near the ferry on the day of accident and it was a submarine passing by. The radar data was not confirmed by the Navy.




2 dead, 1 missing in ship collision off Pohang

Two men were killed and another went missing after a fishing boat collided with a barge in waters off Pohang on South Korea's southeastern coast Thursday, the Coast Guard said.

Around 4:42 a.m., the 4.6-ton fishing boat collided with the 1,207-ton barge at the entrance of a port in the city of Pohang, causing the three fishermen on the boat to drown.

The Coast Guard rescued two of the three, but they were pronounced dead at a hospital later.

A search for the missing fisherman was under way by mobilizing seven patrol ships, nine shipping boats, three Navy ships and two helicopters, it said.

The collision took place as the barge towed by a tugboat from Ulleung Island in the East Sea hit the fishing boat while entering the port. The boat was submerged with only 20 centimeters of its bow visible.

The Coast Guard said it is looking into the exact cause of the accident. 




According to the corporation on the 12th, the program, which was prepared as an opportunity to explore the fishery culture, marine safety, and ecological environment of Sihwa Lake for children during the summer vacation, will be held on the Sihwanarae Trail 13 times from the 25th of this month to the 23rd of September. It was decorated as a time to learn about the ecology and fishing culture of Sihwa Lake. Children can learn about the history and ecological environment of Sihwa Lake by visiting Byeolmang Fishing Village Cultural Center, Sihwa Lake Environmental Culture Center, Sihwa Lake Tidal Power Plant, and Gyeonggi Marine Safety Experience Center. In addition to viewing the Byeolmang Fishing Village Culture Center, the Corporation organized programs for participants to enjoy, such as visiting missions by theme, fishing culture in Ansan at the Fishing Village Folk Museum, water quality experiments at the Sihwa Lake Environment and Culture Center, and marine safety experiences at the Gyeonggi Safety Experience Center. can do. The program runs every Tuesday and Thursday until the 17th of the following month, and every Saturday from the 19th of August to the 23rd of September. The program, which is conducted through group participation at the local children's center in Ansan City, allows you to select a topic and training schedule, and the participation fee is free. Application for participation can be made through the ‘Ansan Fishing Village Folk Museum Education Program’ on the website of Ansan City Corporation. For more information, call




The Yeosu Gwangyang Port Corporation announced on the 24th that it had collected and recycled a total of 22 tons of marine plastic over the past two years through the ‘Yeosu-Gwangyang Port Resource Recycling Project’.According to the corporation, the ‘Yeosu/Gwangyang Port Resource Circulation Project’ is a business that collects and recycles plastic discarded from ships entering Yeosu/Gwangyang Port.Accordingly, since this project started with the corporation's efforts to reduce pollutants generated from ports in 2021, it has now established a collaborative network with 13 related organizations and is a representative ESG project that manages and operates all processes from marine plastic collection to recycling. has established itself asTo this end, in order to establish a sustainable process over the past two years, the corporation has secured the traceability of marine plastic collection by obtaining OBP (Ocean Bound Plastic) collection certification for the first time in Korea and the sixth in the world from Control Union, an international eco-friendly certification agency. .In addition, it spared no support by providing cleaning companies with collection items such as sacks using waste banners and incentives for collection.In particular, the two-year effort of the corporation has resulted in the collection of marine plastics amounting to 245 ton bags (22.2 tons, 1,209,000 carbon footprint reduction effect in Yeosu and Gwangyang ports).In addition, using the collected plastic, safety products such as safety vests and lane regulation blocks for port workers were produced and applied to port operation sites.A total of 640 recycled safety vests using yarn recycled from plastic PET bottles were produced through collaboration with social enterprises in the region, and were provided to front-line workers at the port operation site, such as the Gwangyang Port Labor Union and workers in hinterland complexes.A total of 180 lane regulation blocks using general plastic were manufactured and used to install walkways to protect the safety of workers in the port area, which served as the basis for achieving ‘ZERO’ safety accidents.President Park Seong-hyun said, “We will continue to strengthen the resource circulation project and become the best ESG management leading institution in Korea that spreads the culture of resource circulation.” We will build a clean platform,” he said.




Yeongdeok-gun establishes seafood radioactivity inspection system...test results show ‘no abnormalities’. Yeongdeok-gun announced on the 31st that in response to the discharge of Fukushima contaminated treated water, it established an inspection system by introducing radioactivity testing equipment and demonstrated radioactivity testing on marine products within the district and found that no radioactive materials were detected. According to the military, on the 28th, they completed the installation of high-performance equipment capable of analyzing up to eight samples a day, including one gamma nuclide analyzer and one automatic sample injection device, and began a preemptive response to ensure the safety of seafood. The analysis laboratory was established at the LOHAS Fishery Food Support Center in consideration of expertise and stability, and the inspection system was strengthened by expanding the scope of analysis from seafood sold for sale in the Ganggu Fisheries Cooperative and Yeongdeok Northern Fisheries Cooperative to marine products from marine fisheries. Then, on the 31st, a demonstration was held with the attendance of Yeongdeok County Mayor Kim Gwang-yeol, County Council Chairman Son Deok-soo, county council members, Ganggu Fishery Association President Kim Seong-sik, Yeongdeok North Fishery Association President Kim Young-bok, and fishermen's representatives to inspect the marine products in the district. The results showed that no radioactive materials were found at all. In the future, Yeongdeok-gun will maintain the stability of marine products produced within the jurisdiction by reporting to the Daegu Regional Food and Drug Safety Office and conducting additional detailed inspections even if the test result shows only 1 becquerel (Bq), regardless of the radioactive material acceptance standard (100 becquerel (Bq) per 1 kg). In order to do this, we decided to apply strict standards. In addition, Yeongdeok-gun has been measuring radioactive contamination in seawater since last July, and the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries is conducting regular inspections of marine radioactive materials starting from the waters off the livestock port within its jurisdiction and pre-distribution radioactivity testing for Ganggu Fisheries Cooperative salesmen, etc. to prevent contamination of marine products. A variety of measures are being implemented to address consumer fears and protect local fishermen.Test results can be checked through the Yeongdeok-gun website and electronic display boards within the district, as well as through the Gyeongbuk Marine Environment Information Application developed by the Gyeongbuk Provincial Fisheries Research and Development Institute. Baek Young-bok, head of the Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Department, said, “We will disclose the results of radioactivity testing for marine products transparently and quickly and actively accept requests for marine product testing from fishermen to ensure the stability of local marine products.” He added, “Fishermen in the jurisdiction who wish to have their seafood tested should contact the Oceans and Fisheries Department.” “Please,” he said. Yeongdeok-gun strengthens safe management and inspection of marine products, while promoting the consumption of marine products before Chuseok, discount sales events for marine products, and free seafood tasting events during the Yeongdeok Songi Festival to publicize the safety of local marine products and expand sales channels for fishermen in the region. We decided to pursue various measures to prevent damage to the fishing industry. Yeongdeok-gun Mayor Kim Gwang-yeol said, “We are doing our best in various ways to manage the safety of seafood so that consumers can safely eat seafood caught with blood and sweat by local fishermen in clean Yeongdeok.”




As of 9:20 a.m. on the 20th, the Gunsan Coast Guard in Jeollabuk-do maintained the highest alert for marine safety following the effect of a heavy snow warning for 11 cities and counties in the province, including Gunsan, and issued a 'safety accident advisory'. In particular, as it is predicted that up to 30cm or more of snow will fall on the west coast until the 21st, people are asked to refrain from going to seaside rocks, breakwaters, or coastal areas with a high risk of slipping accidents, such as ports and ports. In addition, fishermen and other vessel personnel were urged to regularly check mooring conditions and take special care to prevent flooding due to heavy snow. Lee Seon-mi, head of the Gunsan Coast Guard's marine safety division, said, "Due to heavy snowfall, ports, ports and breakwater structures often freeze, which can lead to fatal accidents such as slipping and falling into the sea while walking with hands in pockets, so special caution is needed." He said. He added, "As part of measures to prevent safety accidents in coastal waters during the winter, we have issued the 'attention' level of the winter coastal safety accident risk forecast system until January 20th of next year and are providing marine weather and safety information using police box electronic displays and broadcasting devices."In addition, "We will further strengthen patrols in dangerous areas and access control areas such as seashore rocks and breakwater structures to prevent falls in advance, check the safety status of ships moored in ports and ports, whether there is a risk of flooding or sinking, and whether slipways and slides are maintained." He emphasized, "We will make every effort to carry out prevention-oriented security activities for mooring facilities with a high risk of accidents."Meanwhile, the Gunsan Coast Guard responds to various situations by paying close attention to weather conditions and frequently checking the operational status of radar, major equipment, safety facilities within the jurisdiction, rescue boats, and scuba equipment in preparation for emergency dispatch.




Incheon Marine Police Station announced that it had issued a ‘attention’ safety accident risk forecast system from the 13th to the 16th. According to the Incheon Coast Guard, the sea level is higher than usual, which increases the possibility of accidents, so special caution is needed, especially when engaging in mudflat activities. Incheon Coast Guard is strengthening land and sea patrols according to tidal times and maintaining emergency response readiness to prepare for coastal accidents such as tidal flat isolation. An Incheon Coast Guard official said, “As the weather gets colder, the sea surface temperature decreases, which could lead to a fatal accident in the event of a marine accident.” He added, “During coastal activities, marine safety rules such as prohibiting entry into dangerous areas, wearing life jackets, and checking the tide must be observed. “Do it,” he urged. Meanwhile, by downloading and using apps such as ‘Sea Navi’, ‘Harrod’, and ‘Safe Sea’, you can obtain various marine safety information such as tide tables.




Yeosu Coast Guard, receive free inspection of water leisure equipment...On the 16th, Yeosu Ungcheon Yi Sun-shin Marina, two professional repair companies participated for free inspection of motorboats and water motorcycles. Reporter Lee Hak-cheo. Yeosu Marine Police Station announced on the 12th that it would inspect water leisure equipment free of charge to prevent water leisure safety accidents. According to the Yeosu Coast Guard on the 12th, the Korea Maritime Transportation Safety Authority and two professional repair companies will participate in free inspection of motorized water leisure equipment such as motor boats and water motorcycles at Yi Sun-sin Marina in Uncheon, Yeosu on the 16th. Most water leisure equipment accidents occur due to lack of safety awareness, such as neglect of equipment inspection and careless operation, and marine accidents such as drifting due to engine failure can be prevented just by inspection before departure. This free inspection and marine safety campaign for water leisure equipment will raise the safety awareness of water leisure activities and prevent simple engine failures and other drifting accidents, and will also provide safety training for individual players who are not familiar with the equipment, as well as simple maintenance training. An official from the Yeosu Coast Guard said, “Marine accidents can be prevented with a simple equipment inspection before departure,” and added, “We hope that you can enjoy safe marine leisure activities by complying with safety rules such as navigation regulations and pre-inspection before departure.”




‘Korea OCEAN EXPO 2022’, the only maritime-specialized exhibition in the metropolitan area, will be held at Songdo Convensia in Incheon for three days from June 22 to 24.'International Maritime Safety Exhibition', which marks its 6th anniversary this year, is an exhibition jointly hosted by Incheon City and the Korea Coast Guard and has been certified by the International Exhibition Association (UFI). It is growing into a global exhibition that represents the world.This exhibition is expected to be an opportunity to see the present and future of the marine and shipbuilding industry at a glance, in which many of Korea's leading mid-to-large shipyards such as Samsung Heavy Industries and cutting-edge marine and shipbuilding equipment companies such as LIG Nex1 and KT SAT participate.The city of Incheon invites about 20 buyers, mainly overseas maritime security agencies, to support overseas market development through face-to-face export consultations, and plans to contribute to domestic SMEs' domestic market development by expanding purchase consultations for large shipyards, etc.In addition, by holding an investment consultation for the first time in this exhibition, it is planning to actively support the growth of promising companies through matching  consultations between famous domestic investment institutions and small and medium-sized venture companies.After the COVID-19 pandemic, the 'smart and eco-friendly special pavilion' was newly created to keep pace with the recent issues and trends of the maritime and shipbuilding industries, while the 'Komarin Conference', the largest maritime conference in Korea, and the 'next generation' to advance the nation's ships and secure technological capabilities About 15 conferences and seminars, such as the 'Shipbuilding Conference', will be held to provide a venue for various information exchanges among industry officials.Yoon-hee On, head of the MICE Industry Division, said, “Starting with this exhibition, regional-specific exhibitions related to the MICE industry will continue to be held. I hope I can,” he said. In addition, he urged citizens' interest and participation, saying, "There are also various experiential events on the theme of maritime safety."








On the 13th, the Japanese government decided on a “basic policy on disposal of treated water” with a plan to discharge contaminated water stored at the Fukushima nuclear power plant site into the ocean. Accordingly, the contaminated water at the Fukushima nuclear power plant is expected to be discharged into the ocean for at least 30 years from 2023, two years later.In the 2011 Great East Japan Earthquake, some nuclear reactors at the Fukushima nuclear power plant were damaged, and hundreds of tons of radioactive water are generated every day at the Fukushima nuclear power plant. The Japanese government and TEPCO stored the contaminated water generated so far in tanks on the site of the nuclear power plant. They call it "treated water" in the name of the pollutant removed.However, contrary to their claims, about 70% of contaminated water does not meet the radiation safety standards, and some substances such as tritium cannot be filtered out. The Japanese government decided to reduce the concentration by mixing seawater by 100 to 1700 times before discharging contaminated water, but this is also not a perfect solution.The Japanese government's move has led to backlash in Japan, including fishermen near Fukushima Prefecture. The Japan Federation of Fisheries Cooperatives strongly criticized the Japanese government, saying, “It is an act of trampling on fishermen across the country.” Japanese citizens also protested against the discharge of contaminated water in front of the Prime Minister's residence and Fukushima Prefectural Office.Regarding Japan's decision to release contaminated water, the Korean government said, "We express our strong regret and will do all necessary measures for the safety of our people." He also criticized that "this decision not only poses a risk to the safety and marine environment of neighboring countries, but is particularly a one-sided measure made without sufficient consultation and understanding with Korea, which is the closest country."Regarding the Japanese government's decision to release contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant, President Moon Jae-in told Japanese Ambassador Koichi Aiboshi, "We are very concerned about South Korea's geographical proximity and sharing the sea." He also said, "You will be well aware of these concerns of the people. I hope you will communicate them to your home country."In a statement, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs criticized, "It is extremely irresponsible and will seriously damage international health and safety and the interests of neighboring countries." On the other hand, the US and the IAEA supported the Japanese decision, saying that it was "in accordance with international safety standards."Won Hee-ryong, governor of Jeju Special Self-Governing Province, told the Japanese government that “we sternly condemn the violence against neighboring countries and citizens who share the sea.” I made it clear.Governor Won said, “Since last year, we have already insisted on the transparent disclosure and sharing of information related to the discharge of contaminated water in Fukushima through meetings of provincial governors on the coast of the Korean-Japanese Strait.” However, the Japanese government skipped all necessary procedures without making any efforts. And decided to release it,” he criticized. In addition, “five local governments, including Jeju, Busan, Gyeongnam, Ulsan, and Jeonnam, will form the'Contaminated Water Control Committee' to begin responding, and from tomorrow, we will discuss with experts right away to prepare countermeasures under international and domestic laws. According to this, Governor Won is considering recruiting resident plaintiffs to represent the Korean government and the Korean-Japanese coastal residents to proceed with civil and criminal lawsuits and international court lawsuits.The discharge of contaminated water in Japan is not a problem only in Japan. It is clear that Japan's irresponsible behavior will cause radioactive material to spread into the world's oceans. As a result, human life will be greatly threatened, and furthermore, there is a concern that even the earth's ecosystem will be disturbed.We must not hesitate to this behavior of Japan, and through diplomatic strategy and advanced negotiation capabilities, we must actively step forward to prevent Japan from threatening human life anymore. It should be borne in mind that in addition to the right to enjoy the benefits of life, Japan also has the responsibility to protect future life. Unexpectedly, the author summons General Ahn Jung-geun's theory of peace in the East. A new order in Northeast Asia such as politics, economy, security, diplomacy, and culture will be created. From this point of view, the three countries of Korea, China, and Japan should continue to discuss efforts to embrace the spirit of the general who knows the “peace community” in an equal position, and encompass the three countries as a true “political community.”








Head of the Jeonbuk Buan Coast Guard, Ko Yu-mi (Senior Superintendent), visits the local police box sequentially to check the maritime security situation and encourage hard work, such as preventing human accidents due to ship accidents in the winter.During this visit, he plans to maintain a rapid rescue response posture in preparation for emergencies, check life-saving equipment, major facilities, and compliance with service guidelines, and examine various areas of public order and sea in the jurisdiction.In particular, weight is placed on field-oriented communication activities that listen to employees' difficulties and suggestions without filtering, such as awarding certificates of appreciation and commendation to civilians of merit in saving lives.After taking office, the second informal step of open communication by the late chief began on the 22nd.On this day, Chief Goh visited the Gochang police box and received a letter of appreciation from captain B of a private marine rescue boat who performed an excellent job in emergency rescue of Mr. A(female, in her 40s) who was swept away by the ebb tide in the sea near Gusipo Beach in Sangha-myeon at 2:53 pm on the 21st. and showed meticulous and meticulous steps to encourage hard work.Chief Koh said at this meeting, "We were able to save precious lives by actively cooperating with the rescue of drowning victims in a situation where the survival time at sea is short in winter due to bad weather and low water temperature." I came to say thank you with all my heart," he said.He added, "Let's continue to work together to create a safer and cleaner sea together.""In the winter season, when there is a high probability of marine accidents, workers will further strengthen preemptive prevention activities, and at the same time, thorough on-site inspections and rescue capabilities will be further strengthened to ensure that there is no blind spot in inspecting vulnerable areas where there is a risk of accidents, so that prompt dispatch is possible. "We will do our best to report and spread the situation to nearby fishing boats."Meanwhile, on the 24th, Chief Goh will visit the Byeonsan Police Box to meet and encourage the 'coastal safety guards' who have been deployed to the coast for six months from May this year to perform safety management duties, and also inspect the security sites in the jurisdiction.The 'Coastal Safety Keeper', operated since last year, consisted of local residents familiar with coastal geography and tidal conditions, and was in charge of patrol and safety guidance in a two-person team to prevent various accidents.






South Korean President Yoon Suk-yeol said on Tuesday that Japan should seek the consent of neighboring countries before moving ahead with its plan to discharge treated radioactive wastewater from the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean.When asked by a reporter about the Japanese government’s recent approval to build discharge facilities during his regular morning press briefing, Yoon said: “Since my presidential campaign, my position has been that (Japan) should provide a transparent explanation about the issue of dealing with contaminated water for neighboring countries and gain consent.” He did not give any further details.Japan’s nuclear regulator last Friday formally approved a plan to construct an underground water tunnel and other facilities to dump treated radioactive water into the sea -- which was proposed by Tokyo Electric Power Company Holdings in December 2021, according to the country’s Foreign Ministry.The recent approval came after the Japanese government, in 2021, approved a controversial initiative to release irradiated water into the Pacific Ocean starting from around spring 2023 in light of limited storage space.The massive earthquake and tsunami in 2011 destroyed cooling systems at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power station. As of July, more than 1.3 million metric tons of highly radioactive wastewater, which was used to cool three damaged reactor cores, has reportedly been retained in the plant tanks.President Yoon’s comment came a day after Rep. Kim Min-seok of the main opposition Democratic Party of Korea called for Yoon to swiftly express the government’s official stance on Japan’s decision and propose counter plans.“When discharge begins, radioactive materials will flow into our waters along ocean currents, and we will not be able to stop seafood exposed to radioactive substances from being served at the table,” Kim said on his Facebook post.The lawmaker asked if the Yoon government remains silent in view of potential adverse impacts on its plan to resurrect the nuclear energy sector and its initiative to mend diplomatic ties with Japan.South Korean Minister of the Office for Government Policy Coordination, Bang Moon-kyu, convened an emergency government meeting last Friday in response to Japan’s plan.The Yoon government pledged to reinforce maritime radiation monitoring and make every effort to protect public health, safety, and the marine environment. Seoul also said it would convey concerns about the ramifications of the treated wastewater discharge and request information needed to examine the safety through bilateral communication channels with Japan.The South Korean and Japanese foreign ministries have held a series of working-level meetings on the issue since last December. The director-level talks were held virtually for the first time in June with the participation of related ministries, including Tokyo Electric Power Company Holdings and Japan’s Nuclear Regulation Authority, according to South Korea’s Foreign Ministry.But the Foreign Ministry has not issued any statements on Japan’s plan -- which could stir up anti-Japanese sentiment in South Korea -- as of Tuesday evening.In contrast, the decision by Japan’s Nuclear Regulation Authority resulted in an immediate backlash from China’s Foreign Ministry.“If Japan insists on putting its own interests above the public interest of the international community and insists on taking this dangerous step, it will surely pay the price for irresponsible behavior and leave a stain on history,” Foreign Ministry spokesperson Wang Wenbin said last Friday during a regular briefing.





South Jeolla Province, full-fledged response to the discharge of contaminated water from nuclear power plants in Japan. Reinforcing safety by measuring real-time radiation in the provinces and seas and conducting radiation inspections at consignments (Muan = Break News) Correspondent Lee Hak-soo = South Jeolla Province announced that as Japan decided to begin discharging contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant into the sea on the 24th, it would launch a step-by-step response system, such as expanding safety investigations, measuring real-time radioactivity in sea areas, and conducting radiation tests at mountain sites. In April 2021, when the Japanese government officially decided on the marine discharge policy for radioactively contaminated water from Fukushima, and approved the 'action plan related to the design and operation of marine discharge facilities for contaminated water' by Tokyo Electric Power Company in July 2022, Jeonnam-do issued a 'management of safe production of marine products'. countermeasures were established. Accordingly, a task force (TF) consisting of 4 teams and 8 people is formed to carry out tasks such as reinforcing safety inspections of marine products and monitoring radiation. In addition, a step-by-step response plan is being established and implemented before, during, and after the discharge of contaminated water from nuclear power plants, and a dedicated response team is being formed to strengthen the monitoring system for radioactivity in sea areas and marine products, propose government support in preparation for contraction in consumption, and publicize safety to the public. In the pre-discharge step by step, Response strategy service Establishment of equipment to expand aquatic product safety investigation (2→4 units) Expansion of seawater monitoring (18→59 stations) Preparation of special laws and comprehensive measures to respond to discharge, Proposals for advance purchase and expansion of stockpiling (including farmed seafood) were promoted. When release begins in the future Expansion of fishery safety investigations from 800 cases of the existing 62 varieties to more than 1,200 cases of all varieties Strengthening the imported seafood distribution traceability system from 17 items to 21 items Expanding the country of origin indication items from 15 items to 20 items Reinforcing crackdowns Real-time measurement of radioactivity in the sea area in the province (4 locations), etc. will be promoted. In addition, wide-area monitoring of fishery guidance boats (1 vessel) management of 87 sea areas in villages for safe management of fishery products radiation inspection at production sites (19 locations) disclosure of safety test results of aquatic products in the production and distribution stages on the website Expansion of eco-friendly organic certification (30% of farming area) ) Safety publicity and collaboration with civic groups and related organizations were also included in the plan. In the continuous release stage, large-scale consumption promotion events proposals for measures against damage to the fishery industry and related industries proposals for government purchases of seafood products with reduced consumption periodic safety verification of Japan’s Advanced Liquid Treatment System (ALPS) to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to respond to contraction in consumption Request for data sharing Strengthen promotion of seafood safety. “We are expanding the safety inspection of aquatic products from farms to consignments and strengthening the radiation monitoring system for each sea area,” said Choi Jeong-ki, head of the South Jeolla Province Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Bureau. ”he said. “We will continue to strengthen the safety management of marine products to minimize damage to the fishery industry,” he added.






The Korean government has banned imports of Japanese maritime products, and Japan is fighting back. After the Korean government banned imports of fish products from 8 prefectures adjacent Fukushima, the Japanese government made a visit to protest the measure and said it will consider further actions through the World Trade Organization (WTO). But it is questionable whether Japan has the right to file complaints when they brought upon such a disaster with their poor response to the nuclear power plant accident.The aftermath of the nuclear accident in Japan is still ongoing. It is frustrating to think of how much longer we must suffer the fears of radiation. The safety of our marine products is a crucial issue connected to the health of our people and sovereignty over quarantine, not something to be resolved through diplomatic rhetoric. Japan should be aware of their responsibility to relieve its neighboring states from the fear of radiation through their actions and not words.Japan's resistance was somewhat anticipated, given that Japan's fishing industry has been fiercely protesting after exports of their products were blocked due to Korea's ban. An official from Japan's Fisheries Agency is scheduled to meet with South Korean government officials today and explain the unfairness of the ban on Japanese fish products and officially request a lift on the ban.In addition, if the Korean government does not accept their request, the Japanese government will consider launching a complaint at the WTO, deeming the Korean government's action as an unfair trade practice, reported the Japanese media. It appears that conflicts between Korea and Japan over the import of marine products may trigger a diplomatic dispute.However, the Japanese government has long lost its credibility in the international market. A researcher from the Tokyo Electric Power Company responsible for the problematic nuclear power plants said that he did not think they could control the current situation [concerning the contaminated water]. In other words, this implies that the statement by Prime Minister Abe, who said, "The contaminated water can be controlled" at the International Olympic Committee (IOC) Session on September 7, was a lie.Even the Japanese government has confessed that they had no choice but to discharge the contaminated water to nearby waters. In the groundwater from an observation well at the Fukushima power plant unit 1, the radiation level soared, and reports have mentioned that even the groundwater is dangerous. In such a situation, we would like to ask if Japan is going to continue telling us to believe that everything is safe.Food safety is not an issue to be dealt with casually. Some in the opposition parties are even arguing that we should demand Japan for compensation since, "The price of domestic fish has plunged and the sales of fish at traditional markets have fallen by 40%." The South Korean government should convey the fears experienced by our people, explain the damages faced by the Korean fish industry, and demand the Japanese government for air-tight safety measures. A temporary ban on imports will not make this problem go away.The government should also clearly state that without additional measures from the Japanese government, the ban on imports can be expanded. In addition, the South Korean government should prepare a thorough response, so that the latest action will not lead to trade retaliation by Japan.








Sunken Sewol ferry emerges, shows no sign of collision. The Sewol ferry rose from the water in one piece on Saturday evening, showing itself in full view to the families of the 304 victims, nine of whom are still missing, for the first time in nearly three years.
Lying on its port side on a semi-submersible ship, as it did for 1,072 days on the seabed 44 meters (144 feet) below the water’s surface, the ferry was scratched and corroded but showed no signs of a collision on its exterior, though much of its structures on the prow and deck appeared destroyed or missing.One of the alleged causes of the ferry’s capsizing was that it collided with a submarine or a heavy object underwater.The ferry also showed more than 100 holes in its exterior punctured during the salvaging process. It had two long vertical gashes on its port side, descending from the prow.The Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries said nothing can be confirmed until investigations commence when the ferry reaches land.The 6,825-ton ferry capsized off Jindo, an island in South Jeolla, on April 16, 2014. It was carrying 476 people, 304 of whom, mostly high school students on a field trip, died. Nine bodies are still unaccounted for and are believed to be inside the ship.On Thursday, the ferry broke the surface of the water after being pulled up by two jacking barges for a day and by Friday was hoisted 13 meters out of the water and towed toward a semi-submersible ship waiting nearby.It was placed on the semi-submersible ship around midnight, disconnected from the jacking barges, and was completely out of the water at 9:15 p.m. Saturday.Workers continued to try to deplete the ferry of leftover seawater and oil on Sunday. After this work is complete and the ferry is further fastened to the ship, it is expected to leave for Mokpo, South Jeolla, on Tuesday at the earliest.“It may take some three to five days of taking out the seawater and oil left inside the ship and getting it ready to depart for Mokpo New Port,” said Lee Cheol-jo, head of the Sewol salvaging committee of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries, in a press conference on Saturday.“The process of depleting the water and oil will be conducted as slowly as possible, because doing it quickly could lead to losses in the articles and properties of the victims,” said Hwang Dae-sik, secretary general of the Maritime Rescue and Salvage Association. “Once the ferry reaches land, it will be investigated to determine the cause of its capsizing, so there is a need to minimize any human intervention to the state of the ship.”The semi-submersible ship carrying the ferry is expected to travel at some 4 to 5 knots or some 10 kilometers (6.2 miles) per hour, which means it will take about 10 hours to reach the Mokpo New Port once it departs.The ferry, weighing some 10,000 tons altogether with cargoes and sediments will then be hauled onto a dry dock using a type of modular transporter.The ferry lying on its port side on the semi-submersible ship showed 126 holes, punctured by Shanghai Salvage, a state-run Chinese company working with the Oceans Ministry in hoisting the ferry out of the water using the “tandem lifting” method.The ministry had explained that the holes were necessary as part of the salvaging process, and that workers had installed nets on or around the ferry to prevent articles or bodies from getting lost in the sea.The ministry said it may puncture some more on the bottom of the ferry to draw out remaining water, adding that these areas are not connected to the cabins where the bodies or articles of the dead are expected to be.A 160-meter by 200-meter mesh-fence that is 3 meters high was also installed on the seabed around the ferry in April.
Once the ferry reaches port and is safely fastened, the Oceans Ministry with Shanghai Salvage will begin underwater investigations at the seabed where the ferry used to lie. Divers will be dispatched to search within the fence, and the area will be divided into 40 sections and searched thoroughly one by one. Each will be searched four times, according to the ministry.But some raised questions that an opening on the ferry’s port side remained immersed in water as it was towed for a few kilometers to the semi-submersible ship.“The opening was at the cargo section of the ferry, and it’s unlikely that a victim’s body could have been there,” Lee said. “We didn’t know when we were lifting the ferry from the seabed that the ramp was open because the ferry was lying on its port side.”This opening was partly visible as the ferry lay on the semi-submersible ship on Sunday, and a car and an excavator could be seen stuck at the opening.Once the ferry is successfully fastened at the port in Mokpo, investigations into the cabins will commence.“We may cut into the cabins from the outside in searching for the missing bodies,” said Yoon Hag-bae, vice minister of the Oceans Ministry.Some relatives of victims were opposed to this idea.“I do not think cutting into the cabin section may be the fastest way to get to the area,” said Kwon Oh-bok, 61, brother to Kwon Jae-geun, 53, and uncle to his 7-year-old son, Hyuk-kyoo — passengers of the Sewol still missing. “I think it may be faster to find a route into the cabin section without trying to cut anything from the outside.”




Search operations at the Sewol ferry disaster site have entered a 20th day, as divers continue to face rough waves and low underwater visibility.The confirmed death toll now stands at 259, with 43 still missing.With more on the search efforts, tbs eFM's Paul Yi joins us live in the studio.Paul, what are the latest developments?-----Divers were forced to halt their efforts at around midnight due to the strong waves off the southwestern of Jindo, but resumed work at around 5AM.An additional six bodies were reportedly found in the early morning hours, however details regarding their identity or where they were found have not yet been released.According to government officials, the confirmed number of recovered bodies has reached 259, while 43 passengers still remain unaccounted for.
Divers have now completed an initial search of 61 out of the 64 compartments of the ferry where passengers were believed to have been occupying.The Sewol ferry has a total of 111 compartments.Search teams say they believe the majority of the missing passengers had attempted to congregate in public areas when the ship began sinking such as the lobby, restrooms, stairs, and recreation rooms.Officials say they plan to re-examine some of the quarters, but if all the passengers are not accounted for by next Thursday, then the search will be expanded to the first and second floor freight compartments.Search team will have two main windows of opportunity beginning at 12:43PM and 5:44PM when tidal currents are expected to be at their weakest.
-----And what about the ongoing investigation into the cause of the ferry disaster?
-----The joint team of prosecutors and police arrested the head of the logistics team at Chonghaejin Marine, identified only by his surname Nam.Nam is charged with causing the death and disappearance of hundreds of passengers after ignoring the fact that the vessel was overloaded with cargo.With his arrest a total of 19 people, including 15 crew members and 3 Chonghaejin officials have now been arrested in connection with the accident.




Two die in boat collision off Pohang coast

Two fishermen were killed in a boat collision on Thursday off the coast of Pohang, North Gyeongsang, just a day after another accident just a few kilometers away killed four fishermen.

Three went missing in the two accidents and have not been found as of Thursday press time.

At around 4:40 a.m., 125 meters (410 feet) from Pohang Old Port, a tugboat was pulling a barge toward the port when a fishing boat that was leaving the port collided with the barge.

The fishing boat was also tugging a smaller boat at a distance of 15 meters, which carried three fishermen. When the smaller fishing boat collided with the barge, the three fishermen went overboard.

“The captain of the fishing boat decided to sail in front of the tugboat, because he thought that the fishing boat and its smaller boat would be able to sail clear of its path,” said a Korea Coast Guard official.

“Two out of the three fishermen in the smaller boat were rescued and moved to a hospital but they died. We are still searching for the missing fisherman.”

On Wednesday at around 4:30 a.m., a 27-ton fishing boat capsized in waters 37 kilometers (22 miles) from Guryongpo, Pohang.

Of the nine on board, three, including the captain, were rescued. Four were found dead inside the boat, and two were still missing as of Thursday press time.

“We will investigate thoroughly why the accidents took place and whether all emergency devices and systems were working,” said Oh Yoon-yong, chief of the Coast Guard’s Pohang branch office, in a press briefing on Thursday.

Some details of the two accidents are raising questions about whether the Coast Guard and the fishing crew responded appropriately to emergency situations.

For one, none of the fishermen rescued or those found dead were wearing life vests. Also, the Coast Guard reached the capsized boat on Wednesday eight hours after it capsized.

The Coast Guard stopped receiving Maritime Mobile Service Identity signals from the boat, which are sent via its Automatic Identification System (AIS), when the boat capsized at around 4:30 a.m. It was around 12:47 p.m. when they got to the scene.

“We knew the boat stopped sending out signals of its whereabouts [at around 4:30 a.m.] but the Coast Guard isn’t dispatched whenever boats disappear from radar,” said a Coast Guard official. “We need to receive an SOS report.”

The Coast Guard was dispatched after a ship passing by saw the capsized boat at around 12:14 p.m. and reported it to authorities.

The capsized boat was equipped with V-Pass and Very-high-frequency Digital-selective-calling (VHF-DSC) devices, through which anyone can send out an SOS or coordinates of the vessel’s location.

The Fishing Vessels Act states that if any one of the V-Pass, AIS or VHF-DSC devices work on a vessel, it can set sail.

Boats have been legally required to install V-Pass devices since 2013. Based on its initial investigation, the Coast Guard suspects that the boat’s V-Pass device was broken.

The VHF-DSC unit was working, but the captain, a 58-year-old surnamed Kim, did not send out an SOS report when the boat started to tilt.

“The boat tilted to one side very quickly, and I couldn’t press the SOS button,” Kim told authorities. “I had just enough time to press the warning siren for the crew.”

The fishing boat that collided with a barge on Thursday had a working V-Pass device, but the captain, a 70-year-old surnamed Sohn, did not issue an SOS signal either.

If anyone presses the SOS button on a V-Pass, an SOS call is made immediately to the Coast Guard, and data on the whereabouts of the boat is transmitted with the call.

But Sohn called the Coast Guard on his phone.

“I think the captain was in a hurry and made the call on his phone,” said the official.

“And the two boats that collided were probably able to see where each other was located via GPS, but it seems like they couldn’t slow down in time.”

Authorities on Thursday were investigating why the fishing boat capsized on Wednesday.

The national weather forecast agency had issued a high waves and wind advisory on Wednesday morning. According to Daegu’s forecast, the waves were 2.5 to 3 meters high that morning.

“My husband told me that he called the captain to warn him about the high waves,” said a wife of a missing fisherman from the accident on Wednesday. “But the boat still set sail. I should have stopped him from going.”

“The captain is too weak to answer further questions now,” said a Coast Guard official. “It’s also possible that the boat was too heavily loaded, so much that it couldn’t balance itself after the boat tilted to one side for some reason.”

The national Coast Guard was reinstated on July 26, after three years of operating as an independent agency since the Sewol tragedy.




The investigation into the cause of the ferry disaster is expanding, as it's been revealed that the Sewol was carrying more than three times the recommended weight of freight and that its cargo may have been improperly stored.The offices of both shipping watchdogs were raided yesterday by authorities, who are on a mission to investigate malpractice in the entire shipping industry.Meanwhile, the joint investigation team is also widening its case into the ferry's operator Cheonghaejin Marine Company.As part of their widening probe, prosecutors issued travel bans on eight current and former executives of the Korea Register of Shipping -- the body responsible for issuing marine safety certificates.Also earlier in the day, investigators said they called in the second son and daughter of Yoo Byung-eun, who was the predecessor of the operator.The two have been asked to return to Korea from overseas by Tuesday to face questioning.







A new Marine Corps brigade was launched Tuesday to undertake a mission to defend the southern resort island of Jeju and its adjacent area, the Marine Corps said.The new 9th Brigade will take over the mission to secure the safety of the southern island area from the Navy-led Jeju Defense Command, which was recently decommissioned in a reshuffle.The Navy established the new Jeju Naval Base Squadron in lieu of the dissolved command to take charge of a naval base which will be launched early next year along the southern coast of the resort island.The 500-strong Marine Corps brigade includes an emergency response battalion tasked with defense against enemy infiltration or terrorist attacks, as well as other disaster situations, according to the Marine Corps.The battalion will also be in charge of protecting airport and harbor facilities on Jeju and its surrounding area, it also added.With its recent acquisition of a decontamination vehicle, the 9th Brigade also plans to operate a special response team against potential chemical, biological and radiological attacks.About 500 military and government officials, including Lt. Gen. Lee Sang-hoon, the chief commander of the Marine Corps, were present at the ceremony to mark the establishment of the new unit on Jeju Island, according to the Marine Corps. (Yonhap)

 






The Central Regional Coast Guard announced that it requested improvement in a total of 99 cases from April 17th to June 16th by conducting joint intensive safety inspections with related organizations for the safety transition of Korea to marine facilities. According to the Central Coast Guard, 283 people, including the Central Regional Coast Guard, officials from related organizations, and private experts, participated in the safety inspection, including 54 oil and hazardous liquid storage facilities with a capacity of 300 kilometers or more and 20 loading and unloading facilities capable of berthing with a capacity of 50,000 tons or more in the central West Sea. intensive inspection was conducted. The major improvement requirements are 26 cases of facility safety equipment defects, 35 cases of non-compliance with safety rules such as insufficient installation of dangerous goods signs in marine facilities, and 38 cases related to emergency plans such as failure to conduct marine pollution control training. 64 of the matters requested by the Central Regional Coast Guard have been improved through local corrections, etc., and the remaining 35 cases are planned to be repaired or reinforced by the end of this year.




PHILIPPINES-CEBU-SHIP COLLISION

(130817) -- CEBU, Aug. 17, 2013 -- Rescuers take a look at the cargo vessel MV Sulpicio Express 7 that collided with the ferry MV St. Thomas Aquinas 1 in Cebu Province, Philippines on Aug. 17, 2013. 31 people have been confirmed dead, 171 others still missing while 629 persons have been rescued, according to the Philippine government.




From the 17th of this month to the 16th of June, a total of 65 inspections, including firefighting, coast guard, local governments and related organizations, port/fishing port facilities, and passenger ship terminals, etcReporter Kim Doo-hwan The Yeosu Regional Office of Oceans and Fisheries (hereinafter referred to as the Yeosu Seawater Office) announced on the 10th that it would carry out intensive inspections on safety-vulnerable facilities in each maritime and fisheries sector.According to the Korea Sea and Water Administration, intensive safety inspections will be conducted at a total of 65 locations, including ports, fishing port facilities, and passenger ship terminals, from the 17th to June 16th in collaboration with related organizations such as firefighting, coast guards, and local governments.Accordingly, public-private joint inspections of port facilities such as breakwaters and piers, as well as passenger ship terminals and lighthouse maritime cultural spaces, which are public facilities, will be conducted to identify harmful and risk factors and intensively improve safety blind spots.In particular, for hazardous material loading and unloading facilities, a joint inspection team with related organizations such as the Ministry of Commerce, Industry and Energy, Coast Guard, YGPA, and fire department will be formed to closely examine the implementation status of the safety management plan of the operator of the port facility.In addition, to enhance public safety awareness, publicity campaigns will be strengthened on the website and SNS, and public campaigns involving port workers and citizens will be carried out, such as displaying billboards, posters, and banners in multi-use facilities such as government buildings and passenger ship terminals.An official from the Yeosu Sea and Water Administration said, “We will systematically and continuously manage safety risk factors by establishing and implementing a management plan for disclosing the results of intensive safety inspections and implementing follow-up measures through the safety inspection management system.”






Pohang Coast Guard rescues a person stranded on a rock near Gampo Pohang Marine Police Station (Chief Ji-han Kim) announced on the 10th that it rescued a fisherman stranded on a coastal rock near Gampo-eup, Gyeongju-si.The Pohang Coast Guard received a report on the 9th at around 4:22 p.m. that the rope attached to the rubber boat he was on while fishing on the rock near Songdaemal Lighthouse in Gampo-eup, Gyeongju-si became stranded and the boat floated away. Accordingly, the coastal rescue boat of the Gampo Police Station arrived at the scene and upon checking, found three fishermen stranded on the seashore wearing life jackets. Fortunately, there was no safety issue and the rubber boat stopped at a nearby fishing buoy.It was difficult for the rescue boat to get close to the fishing grounds, so two rescuers rescued it and boarded it in a rubber boat.There was no problem with the operation of the rubber boat, so the rescue team steered it to the seaside rocks and handed the rubber boat to the fisherman. They safely entered a nearby port under the safety management of a coastal rescue boat.Chief Kim Ji-han said, “Sometimes it happens that while fishing on a seaside rock that is not connected to the land, the line loosens and the leisure equipment is lost. If the weather is bad, it can be a very dangerous situation, so please be especially careful.”






Incheon Coast Guard, full-fledged safety management of coastal waters during peak summer season Deploying increased security vessels for rapid response to coastal accidents-Break News Incheon Reporter Park Sang-do The Incheon Maritime Police Department will respond to the safety management of coastal waters during the summer peak season to prevent marine accidents and ensure sea safety in the peak summer season.As the number of people who are active outdoors rather than indoors is expected to increase due to COVID-19, it is decided to deploy two additional security forces for two months mainly in areas with a high incidence of coastal safety accidents as an active administration.The Incheon Coast Guard has deployed a 300-ton medium-sized vessel near Palmido Island to further strengthen safety management of multi-use vessels such as long-distance fishing boats and passenger boats from the Northwest Islands. It will be deployed forward to ensure safety.“We are doing our best to prevent marine accidents so that we can become a trusted marine police officer in the field,” said Baek Hak-seon, head of Incheon Maritime Police Station.






2 Missing in Collision of S-N Ships

Two North Korean fishermen are presumed missing after a collision between a South Korean sand carrier and a North Korean fishing boat 4.9 miles Northeast of Jangjeon Port in the East Sea early Tuesday morning.

The Unification Ministry said the cause of the accident has yet to be determined, adding that the South has yet to get information from the North over the accident.

``According to the South-North agreement on maritime traffic, one is required to inform the other of an accident in its sea,'' ministry spokesman Kim Ho-nyoun said Tuesday.

North Korean Navy boats are searching for the missing crew members, according to military sources. All nine members of the South's ship have been confirmed safe.

Regarding whether the North violated the inter-Korean accord or not, Kim took a cautious stance, stressing ``It's not very long since the accident took place, so we are waiting.''

The collision between the fishing boat and the 658-ton Dongi No.1, sand excavator with a crew of 10 including its captain, saw no reported casualties but two North Koreans are missing.

``Four North Korean crew members were aboard and two were saved by the sand carrier after the accident,'' said the spokesman. ``But the remaining two are missing.''

The barge was reportedly docked at Jangjeon Port right after the accident.

The Dongi was supposed to return to the Geoje port located in South Gyeongsang Province by 7 a.m. Tuesday via Northern Limit Line (NLL) from North's Goseong port.

Asked what caused the collision, Kim said neither the cause nor damage has yet been confirmed.

The two vessels were insured and the collision will be dealt with in accordance with international laws, the spokesman added.

Seoul officials are afraid the accident may worsen already sour relations between the two Koreas, prompted by the fatal shooting of a South Korean tourist last Month and Seoul's tougher stance toward Pyongyang.

Previously, the Hyeonseong, a 1,500-ton sand excavator, collided with a North Korean five-ton fishing boat near Yeonpyeong island in the East Sea on Jan. 15, 2007.

Four of the five North Korean fishermen aboard were missing and the boat was returned to the North the next day.

Negotiations over compensation are still underway.




In celebration of the upcoming Chuseok (Chuseok), the Central Regional Maritime Police Agency (CEO Kim Byeong-ro) is planning to strengthen the prevention of maritime safety accidents by setting the 17-day period from September 6 to 22 as a ‘special response period for maritime safety’.During this special response period, in preparation for an increase in the number of returnees and family tourists from the island regions, staff on standby, maintenance of emergency contact systems with related organizations, and key bars An emergency response system, such as the forward deployment of security vessels, will be in operation in Dalgil.It blocks risk factors in advance through safety inspections on ships and marinas with many users, and also conducts preventive patrols on the main route, the main business area for multi-use ships. In addition, it plans to further strengthen safety management by sharing information essential for safe operation, such as weather information on major routes and maritime traffic conditions, in real time between the security ships, police boxes, and the maritime traffic control center (VTS) at the forefront of the site.Active publicity on maritime safety, such as observing quarantine rules and wearing life jackets to prevent COVID-19, will also be carried out for multi-use ship operators and passengers.Koh Yu-mi, head of the rescue and safety division, said, "We will do our best to block risk factors in advance during the special response period for marine safety and to create a safe sea route so that people can safely return to their hometowns during the Chuseok holiday."





Ocean Network Express (ONE) launches its Marine Safety and Quality Campaign to raise safety awareness and to mitigate marine accidents. The campaign will run from 8th August to 30th September 2022. As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect global shipping operations over the long term, ONE continues to face difficulties in conducting ONE’s Vessel Quality Standard (ONE-VQS) physical inspections on board operated vessels all around the world. As such, over the past two years, self-inspection campaigns have comprised thorough checks by crew to mitigate risk of accidents in identified critical areas, supplementing the ONE-VQS. Following the success of last year’s rigorous self-inspection campaign, this year's campaign highlights recurring observation items from previous years and draws on good practices from ONE's own inspection database. By sharing this information with all ONE-operated vessels, the campaign endeavours to further enhance the safety and quality of our vessels. ONE is confident that this year’s campaign will help in building a safer working environment and increase safety consciousness on ONE-operated vessels. The campaign will also assist in assuring customers that ONE constantly provides safe and reliable services. All vessels under ONE’s operation will be requested to reflect on the above items and their valuable responses will be analysed by ONE. ONE will then share the analysis and feedback with the whole fleet after formal completion of the campaign. Through this campaign, done in cooperation with the ship’s crew and concerned parties, ONE aims to further raise safety awareness and the quality standards of our vessels. ONE is committed to continuously delivering reliable and quality services to our valued customers. < Korea Shipping Gazette >




U.S. Navy recovers bodies after collision with container ship
Written : 2017-06-19 07:14:09 KST
Updated : 2023-03-30 15:17:18 KST
  The U.S. Navy has recovered the bodies of seven sailors from inside the USS Fitzgerald, the destroyer that collided with a container ship early Saturday in Japanese waters.
  The bodies were found in berthing compartments that had flooded after the collision.
The commander of the U.S. 7th Fleet says investigations will conducted into how the accident occurred.
He would not characterize what type of collision it was, but did say that the Fitzgerald was "hit on the side" by the container ship, which was far bigger.
The destroyer sustained heavy damage above and below the waterline,  while the container ship sustained only "light" damage and no injury to its crew. 




Giant natural gas carrier makes first transoceanic voyage with self-sailing technology. SEOUL -- In a landmark operation monitored by U.S. and South Korean maritime classification societies, a giant natural gas carrier installed with a self-sailing system developed by Avikus, the in-house venture of South Korea's Hyundai shipbuilding group, has made a successful transoceanic voyage for the first time in the world. 
The Prism Courage, a 300-meter-long super-large liquefied natural gas (LNG) carrier, has successfully completed its autonomous ocean crossing in a joint operation with SK Shipping, a domestic shipping company, Avikus said, adding that the voyage was conducted under real-time monitoring by Korean Register (KR) and the American Bureau of Shipping (ABS) for objective verification. The ship has arrived at an LNG terminal in Boryeong, about 140 kilometers (87 miles) southwest of Seoul, after crossing the Pacific Ocean for 33 days, starting from Freeport, a port city on the Gulf of Mexico, on May 1 and covering a total of 20,000km with half of the distance operated autonomously. "It is meaningful in that we have successfully tested the second stage system that actually moves ships beyond the first stage of autonomous operation technology that guides an optimal route," Avikus CEO Lim Do-hyeong said in a statement on June 2. Avikus has developed an advanced voyage support system called HiNAS and an intelligent berthing assistance system called HiBAS. HiNAS automatically recognizes surrounding vessels through camera analysis to alert the risk of collision based on augmented reality. Even when visibility is not secured, infrared cameras comprehensively provide information such as the location and speed of obstacles.The Prism Courage used HiNAS 2.0, an upgraded two-stage system that creates an optimal route and navigation speed. Artificial intelligence issues steering orders in real time by recognizing the surrounding environment such as weather and wave height. The system increases fuel efficiency by seven percent and reduces greenhouse gas emissions by five percent. Avikus said that the test ship had avoided the risk of collision more than 100 times by accurately recognizing the location of other ships on its route. The company would commercialize HiNAS 2.0 in the second half of 2022r after receiving a certificate from ABS. In June 2021, a 12-seat cruise boat equipped with Avikus' self-sailing system made a safe test voyage covering 10km without direct human intervention through a narrow canal in the southeastern industry port of Pohang. The boat was able to cope with various unexpected situations using special cameras and lidar which measures distance by illuminating the target with laser light. South Korean shipbuilders work hard to develop smart ship technologies that can be divided into unmanned ships ruled by an operator from a control center onshore and autonomous ships which use a computer on board that takes decisions about the route, speed, fuel consumption, maintenance and even mooring in the harbor.
In April 2022, the shipbuilding group test operated autonomous passenger ships in a virtual space using digital twin technology. A digital twin is a virtual clone of an object or an infrastructure. The technology is used as testing grounds for new technologies or other elements to find out the results of real-life situations simulated in a virtual space. 




The Incheon Maritime Police Station announced on the 26th that it had cracked down on three people, including the captain of the fishing boat A, in their 60s, who caught blue crabs by driving piles on the tidal flats along the Yeongjongdo coast and illegally installing nets (aka: dry nets) for violating the Fisheries Act.According to the Coast Guard, it was revealed that three people, including Mr. B, systematically installed large-scale nets to catch fish without permission, using the time when the water receded in the tidal flat near the northern end of Incheon Bridge from around March of this year.In addition, it is known that the location where the fishing gear was installed was exposed to marine safety accidents, such as obstructing the entry and departure of ships because it was near the route.Under the current law, fishing without permission is strictly prohibited, and violations of this law are punishable by imprisonment for up to three years or a fine of up to 30 million won.The Incheon Coast Guard is planning to investigate whether there are more persons participating in systematic illegal fishing in order to uncover the additional crimes of the three arrested. He said that he will take strict measures against indigenous illegal fishing that is chronically perpetrated.




SEOUL, Oct. 8 (Yonhap) -- South Korea urged the international society to discuss Japan's plan to discharge radioactive water from its crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant into the ocean at this week's international maritime gathering, the oceans ministry said Saturday.The Fukushima nuclear power plant meltdown in 2011 has spread heavy safety concerns among nearby countries.The South Korean Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries said Tokyo's disposal of radioactive water may have a serious impact on the health, safety and ecosystem of neighboring nations, during the weeklong 44th London Convention and the 17th London Protocol that ended Friday.The South Korean government has brought the Fukushima discharge agenda to London since 2019.Japan has refuted Seoul's call, claiming the discharge of radioactive water from nuclear power plants should not be seen as an act of marine dumping.The London Convention promotes the effective control of all sources of marine pollution and takes steps to prevent marine pollution by human activities. South Korea joined the convention in 1993.The London Protocol calls for banning all dumping, with some exceptions. It has 53 signatories, including South Korea which joined it in 2009.
Earlier in August, the United Nations-specialized International Marine Organization (IMO) decided that the Fukushima discharge agenda is appropriate to be discussed in London, with mutual agreement of the members involved.At the IMO convention, the South Korean oceans ministry said the members should discuss ways to safely dispose the contaminated water from the Fukushima power plant, actively exchange information and monitor the situation.






The day before, on Saturday, President Moon took part in the East Asia Summit and the ASEAN plus three summit, where he and the leaders of ASEAN, and China and Japan, discussed ways to work together in overcoming the pandemic and bringing about an economic recovery.Hong Yoo has this story.In their summit on Saturday, the East Asia Summit member states promised to work together to revive their economies,  hit hard by the COVID-19 pandemic,  and to cooperate in overcoming the unprecedented global health crisis.To do that, and to achieve peace in East Asia, President Moon Jae-in suggested multilateral cooperation in disease prevention efforts.He suggested that such close cooperation would be what enables East Asian countries to safely host the Olympic Games, which are scheduled next year in Tokyo, and then  again in Beijing in the winter of 2022.
The participants also discussed ways to resolve other issues, such as marine sustainability and safety for women.During the ASEAN plus three summit, which also took place on Saturday, the 10 member states, along with South Korea, China and Japan, adopted a joint statement on economic and financial resilience.The joint statement calls for strengthening the connectivity and resilience of their supply chains by opening up markets, and strengthening cooperation to support the digitalization of small and medium-sized businesses that are vulnerable to COVID-19.
The South Korean leader emphasized that free trade and multilateralism are what will lead to the recovery of trade and investment."These are problems that no single country can solve on its own. We need to cooperate and combine our wisdom to strengthen the resilience of our economies, and to look for sustainable growth measures."He also suggested taking health cooperation one step further by working together to develop vaccines and treatments and to ensure fair distribution.And he added that they need to establish a fast and transparent mutual assistance system to prepare for any new infectious diseases that could arise.Hong Yoo, Arirang News.








32 Missing After Oil Tanker Collision Near Shanghai. Thirty-two people are missing after an Iranian oil tanker bound for South Korea collided with a cargo ship off the coast of Shanghai.The tanker was reportedly burning for at least 24 hours, and none of its mostly Iranian crew have been accounted for.The crew of the cargo ship, however, have been rescued.Reports say the tanker's entire load of 136,000 tons could end up in the ocean.
According to China's Xinhua News Agency, eight Chinese ships were sent to help with search and rescue operations.South Korea has also sent a coast guard ship and a helicopter.




FRANCE CHANNEL COLLISION ? This underwater photograph provided by the French Navy shows the damaged hull of Ece after her collision with another cargo vessel off the English Channel Islands. The stricken chemical tanker Ece foundered in International waters while being towed towards a French port, at 3.37 am on Wednesday 01 February 2006. A spill can be seen at the sinking area. Twenty two crew members were rescued after a tanker and cargo ship collided in the middle of the Channel spilling acid into the sea. the tanker was carrying 10,000 tonnes of phosphoric acid. EPA/MARINE NATIONALE




GERMANY CRUISE SHIP ACCIDENT. Ship accident on Rhine river. Firefighters carry an injured passenger of the cruise ship 'Swiss Crystal' after the ship collided with the bridge of motorway A42 leading over Rhine river in Duisburg, Germany, 26 December 2017 (issued 27 December 2017). On board the river ship were 129 people, including 26 crew members. According to police, 20 people were injured in the collision, of which at least two were serious. A second hotel ship took the passengers first, the fire department took care of the injured. The ship has been towed in the meantime. Altogether the fire-brigade was with 80 men in the employment.




Daewoo E&C completes accident-free construction of maritime bridge in Mumbai, India. Break News Reporter Moon Hong-cheol= Daewoo Engineering & Construction completed the ‘Mumbai Sea Bridge’, India’s longest sea bridge. Daewoo Engineering & Construction announced on the 23rd that it participated in this construction in 2018 as a joint venture with TATA Projects Limited, a construction subsidiary of Tata Group, one of India's largest groups, and completed the construction, which took about 69 months, with no accidents. Daewoo E&C was responsible for the construction, design, procurement, and process management of the 7.8km main line and one interchange among the 21.8km, 6-lane, round-trip sea bridge, which is the most difficult course. Daewoo E&C applied the PSM (Precast Segment Method) method to the Mumbai site to minimize damage to the mangrove forests, the ‘lungs of the Earth’, which have excellent carbon absorption capacity, and to minimize marine pollution. The PSM method involves manufacturing a bridge superstructure (segment) of a certain length at a factory, transporting it to the site, and then connecting the segments with a crane for construction. The biggest difficulties during construction were travel restrictions due to the coronavirus and India's unusual climate phenomenon. During the COVID19 period, problems arose in the supply chain of steel top plates, a foreign material, but Daewoo E&C secured supplies by discovering various procurement routes including Korea, Japan, Vietnam, and Myanmar. In addition, India has a monsoon period (June to September) with strong winds and persistent heavy rain. During this period, it was impossible to install steel decks and concrete segments, which posed a risk of delay. However, Daewoo E&C shortened the transportation time by analyzing sea level tidal differences and optimizing barge routes, and finally achieved completion in January of this year. Mumbai is India's representative economic city and a city famous for its film industry. The area is smaller than Seoul, but the population is larger, so the Indian government of Maharashtra built Navi Mumbai to relieve urban overcrowding in Mumbai. The opening of the Mumbai Sea Bridge is expected to dramatically improve the logistics and transportation infrastructure around Navi Mumbai, with the travel time between Mumbai, India and Navi Mumbai significantly reduced from 2 hours to 30 minutes. After completion, the bridge opening ceremony was held on the 12th, hosted by Indian Prime Minister Modi, and was attended by political figures from the Indian federal government and the Maharashtra state government, as well as major figures from the Indian business community. 








Busan City held an emergency meeting on the 24th and discussed countermeasures as Japan announced the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant. Through a meeting held at the City Hall Disaster Safety Countermeasure Headquarters at 5:00 pm on the 22nd, the city decided to promote measures to strengthen seawater radioactivity monitoring and management, strengthen seafood safety and stimulate consumption, and analyze the impact on the local economy and take measures. About 40 people attended the meeting, including the head of the task force, Ahn Byeong-yoon, mayor of administration, as well as heads of offices, bureaus, and departments belonging to the task force team. Through this meeting, the city plans to install two additional unmanned seawater monitoring networks in the second half of this year as a measure to strengthen monitoring and management of seawater radiation. In addition, it was decided to continue to secure seawater analysis equipment, such as adding two mobile radioactivity rapid analysis equipment for rapid radioactivity testing of seawater from imported live fish. In addition, through comparative analysis of seawater in the east, west, and south coasts outside the city's waters, cross-analyze the safety of the city's waters, establish an information sharing system with university research institutes in the jurisdiction, and promote a wide range of seawater radioactivity surveys through cooperation with these institutions. am As a preemptive measure to verify seawater radiation safety, the city is already conducting a detailed analysis of representative radionuclides such as cesium and iodine at 10 radiation survey sites. Seven beaches in the city, including Haeundae, Songjeong, Gwangalli, Dadaepo, Songdo, Imnang, and Ilgwang, have been investigated for radioactivity every week since last July, when they opened. In addition, as a measure to strengthen the safety of marine products and promote consumption, by the second half of this year, two additional equipment for radioactivity analysis of food and marine products will be added, and a seafood safety campaign will be launched for safe marine products that have been scientifically and objectively verified. Along with this, it was decided to discover various seafood consumption promotion projects in connection with local festivals and events, such as aquatic product win-win discount support project. The city is already conducting radiation tests at each stage of import, production, and distribution, and is applying more than 10 times more stringent inspection standards than international standards. At the import stage, all seafood products produced in Japan's eight prefectures, including Fukushima Prefecture, are prohibited from being imported. Japanese marine products from other regions are inspected for radioactivity every time they are imported, and if even a little radioactive material is detected, importation is virtually blocked, such as requiring the submission of a strict certificate. In the production stage, radioactivity is inspected before distribution to consumers, such as before auction at the local consignment market and before shipment of farm products. All 285 radiation test results up to the 3rd week of August this year are suitable. At the distribution stage, radioactivity is inspected in the process of purchase by consumers such as markets and marts, and all 602 radioactivity test results until the 3rd week of August this year are suitable. The city decided to intensively monitor the impact on the local economy through analysis and countermeasures on the impact on the local economy, and prepare and implement appropriate preemptive measures such as support measures for fishermen so that fishermen can safely continue their livelihood if signs of crisis are found. To this end, the city is already operating a “constant monitoring system for diagnosing regional economic crises” through analysis of major economic indicators for preemptive management of regional economic crises.




A passenger ship and a fishing boat collided this morning at around 10:15, in waters off Incheon, killing one woman and injuring at least another.Officials say the vessels collided near Daeiejak Island, which caused the fishing boat to turn over and threw a married couple on board to the sea.Officials said the couple on the fishing boat was rushed to the hospital, however the wife was pronounced dead.The 52 people on board the Rainbow passenger ship meanwhile were taken to shelter to a nearby dock.Coast Guard officials said the collision may have happened due to heavy fog that reduced visibility in the area, adding that waves at the time were not too high.




Full Steam AheadThe Indonesian Navy’s Nagapasa submarine, designed, built, and delivered by Daewoo Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering in 2017.HD HHI and Hanwha Ocean, two arch-rivals in the Korean defense industry, are set to go head-to-head to take an 80 trillion won (US$62 billion) Canadian submarine project and a frigate order for the Korean Defense Acquisition Program Administration (DAPA).HD HHI and Hanwha Ocean are both gearing up to compete for the Canadian Patrol Submarine Project (CPSP), according to industry sources on June 11. The Canadian Submarine Replacement Project will purchase up to 12 submarines for about 80 trillion won. It is expected to include full maintenance services and training programs.Hanwha Ocean and HD HHI are waging a war of nerves by simultaneously signing a technical cooperation agreement with British defense firm Babcock on June 7 in order to export submarines to Canada. “The Canadian submarine project, which is expected to involve dozens of global defense companies, is virtually a competition among Korean and Japanese shipyards,” said a defense industry insider.HD HHI and Hanwha Ocean are two rivals in the Korean defense industry. The biggest hurdle for Hanwha Group in its acquisition of Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (DSME) was its takeover of the specialty shipbuilding business to build battleships from DSME, as HD HHI did not want to see Hanwha Group become its competitor in the specialty shipbuilding business.Competition is heating up in future ship technology, too. HD HHI is also working on the development of a Korean aircraft carrier. Although the Korean military has not decided to build an aircraft carrier, it has been under research and development for more than a decade. HD HHI began working with KAI in 2022 to develop a light aircraft carrier. Unmanned ships are also a key R&D item at HD HHI. HD HHI’s unmanned command and control ships are advanced vessels that conduct unmanned reconnaissance missions by utilizing unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), unmanned surface vessels (USVs), and unmanned underwater vehicles (UUVs).Hanwha Ocean is developing the first joint strike ship to be introduced for the first time in Korea. Earlier this year, the company was selected by the Navy to design the concept of a joint strike ship. Joint strike ships are called a kind of maritime missile base and are expected to have Hyunmoo-2 ballistic missiles and Haesung-II fleet surface-to-surface cruise missiles. In addition, Hanwha is creating synergies with other Hanwha defense companies. Hanwha Aerospace is developing lithium battery systems for submarines and ships and gas turbine engines for warships. Lithium batteries are expected to boost submarine operational capabilities by three times compared to conventional lead acid batteries.Kim Eun-jinpr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




7 sailors missing after USS Fitzgerald collides with merchant ship off Japan.  A U.S. warship has suffered a collision at sea. The guided missile cruiser -- the USS Fitzgerald -- collided with a container ship about 80 kilometers southeast of a major U.S. naval base in Japan.   Seven U.S. sailors are missing, while another four injured sailors were airlifted from the ship by helicopter. The U.S. and Japan are searching nearby waters for the missing sailors. Three compartments on the Fitzgerald flooded, but the U.S. Navy says the ship -- despite being damaged -- is NOT in danger of sinking. It's still unclear what caused the accident. 




A man in his 50s, who lost his direction during tidal flat activities near Padori, Taean-gun, Chungcheongnam-do, and was isolated on a tidal rock around 1:17 am on Saturday, the 29th, was rescued by the Taean Coast Guard through cooperative cooperation with the military.Mr. A went to play with two co-workers last night around 10 o'clock last night, and lost his direction during tidal flat activities in different places and was isolated on the nearby tidal rocks.A worried co-worker called 911 because he didn't have a cell phone and couldn't be reached. In addition to the six Taean Coast Guard ships, about 40 personnel from the military, firefighters, and the Korea Maritime Rescue Association were mobilized to search.At around 3:27 a.m. on the same day, during the search for the surrounding coast, the 32nd Division's Coast Guard and monitoring base found and identified Mr. A, isolated on the nearby seashore, with the thermal imaging monitoring system (TOD), and provided decisive search information. In the end, 3 hours and 22 minutes after receiving the report, Mr. A was safely rescued by the Taean Coast Guard Rescue Team.Meanwhile, the Taean Coast Guard and the loyalty unit of the Army's 32nd Division are actively strengthening cooperation in all directions and comprehensive mutual support such as maritime safety and marine environment following various maritime accidents, as well as maritime security cooperation such as strengthening the coastal boundary.




Samsung Electronics Wins 46 Innovation AwardsA bendable gaming OLED TV, the winner of the Best of Innovation in the gaming categorySamsung Electronics, LG Electronics, SK Innovation, and Hyundai Heavy Industries Group have won many Innovation Awards at CES 2023, which will be held in Las Vegas in January next year.The Consumer Technology Association (CTA), which hosts CES, announced on Nov. 16 (local time) the winners of CES Innovation Awards across 28 categories. Samsung Electronics received a total of 46 Innovation Awards – 18 in the video display category, 11 in the mobile device category, 10 in the household appliance category and 7 in the semiconductor category. The number of the awards the company received at CES 2023 is the same as that at CES 2020, in which it won a record number of awards. In particular, it took home three Best of Innovation Awards, two for video display including a TV model for 2023 and one for semiconductors.LG Electronics won a total of 28 Innovation Awards, the most ever, including three Best of Innovation Awards. In particular, LG OLED TV received a total of 12 Innovation Awards, including two Best of Innovation Awards. LG OLED TV models won the CES Innovation Award for 11 consecutive years since its first release in 2013. Among them, the LG OLED Flex nabbed the Best of Innovation Award in the gaming category and the Innovation Award in the visual display category, respectively.SK Innovation’s affiliates, including SK On and SKIET, took home eight Innovation Awards for five products. The products include, UD Tape, a lightweight material for vehicles (SK Geo Centric), E556 SF Battery (SK On), NCM9 Battery (SK On) and FCW (SKIET) and a LiBS separator (SKIET).SK On’s SF battery (product name: E556) claimed the Best of Innovation Award in the field of embedded technology. This was the first Innovation Award given to a Korean battery maker. SKIET’s flexible cover window also won the Best of Innovation Award in the mobile device & accessory category. It was the first time that SK Group affiliates have won the Best of Innovation Awards since 2019, when they started participating in CES.Hyundai Heavy Industries Group won a total of nine awards. Its product winners were an LNG fuel supply management system based on artificial intelligence (AI)-powered autonomous navigation for ships, a next-generation ship electric propulsion system, an industrial complex energy management system, an eco-friendly high-voltage circuit breaker, a construction site safety management platform, a mobility solar energy solution and a leisure boat autonomous navigation solution.Products that won CES Innovation Awards will be displayed at the Las Vegas Convention Center from Jan. 5 to 8, 2023.Michael Herhpr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




List Includes Google, Intel,  Qualcomm, Broadcom, InfineonA growing number of U.S. and foreign companies are stopping business with Huawei following the U.S. government's sanctions against the Chinese company last week.As the U.S. government has put Huawei on a blacklist to restrict the Chinese IT company’s access to U.S. suppliers, a growing number of global companies are suspending transactions with it.While Google has decided to stop allowing Huawei to access updated versions of its popular Android applications, developers of chipsets for smartphones such as Intel, Qualcomm and Broadcom also stopped trading with Huawei.Google, which provides the Android operating system (OS) for Huawei smartphones, said in a statement that it was "complying" with the U.S. order, which requires American companies to obtain a license if they ship products to the Chinese company. This means the Chinese company's smartphones could lose access to updated versions of popular Google applications.In China's domestic market, Huawei is using a separate OS that is based on an open source version of the Android OS due to the Chinese government's policy not to use Google services. Although Huawei’s own OS is built on Android, it cannot use Google's various services such as search engine, YouTube and application market Play Store. On the other hand, products that are released in Europe and other foreign countries are equipped with Android services.Following the U.S. Commerce Department’ action, Google is going to stop providing Huawei with technical support or cooperation regarding the Android OS. For smartphones that are released overseas, Huawei will no longer be allowed to use Play Store as well as Google's various services that it has used so far. Services like Netflix will also be unavailable. In addition, Huawei will not be able to respond when Google upgrades its OS to enhance Android security.However Google said "Google Play and the security protections from Google Play Protect will continue to function on existing Huawei devices.”Huawei has overtaken Apple to be the world's second largest smartphone producer after Samsung Electronics in the January-March period. The U.S. action against Huawei is predicted to affect Huawei's smartphone business as well as its 5G telecommunication equipment business.Intel and Qualcomm are supplying modem chipsets that support application processors (APs) and mobile telecommunication services. Zylinx Technology Corp. and Broadcom are supplying WiFi and other wireless chipsets. These chipsets are being used in smartphones, PCs, tablets, wired and wireless sharing devices and IoT devices. These companies have stopped doing business with Huawei, affecting the Chinese company’s entire businesses.Huawei is using its own chipset "Kirin" for its products for domestic use in China, but in overseas markets it is using Qualcomm's Snapdragon chipsets to meet demands from mobile carriers.The impact on Huawei’s server business will also be serious. Because X86 server market CPU is monopolized by Intel, there is virtually no way Huawei can bypass this. Huawei ranks fourth in the global server market with an 8 percent market share, according to market research firms Gartner and IDC. There is still a significant gap in market share with leading companies such as HP, Dell, and IBM, but Huawei alone has been booming alone in the server market in recent years.American memory chipmakers Micron Technology and Western Digital also stopped shipment to Huawei. Micron said in a statement, "As a U.S. based company with a global footprint, Micron respects and complies with all laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries where we operate."In preparation for the U.S. crackdown, Huawei has stockpiled roughly six months to one year of key components. "We have already been preparing for this," said Huawei's founder Ren Zhengfei at the company headquarters in Shenzhen on May 18.The company says it has been preparing for such a situation for many years. It has been seeking to reduce its dependence on Google and diversify its trading lines for smartphone components. But industry watchers predict that the Chinese company will not be able to withstand the blow for more than three months.It is not just U.S. companies that are stopping shipments to Huawei. Companies in Europe and Japan are also following suit. Under the related U.S. law, foreign companies using a certain amount of American technology for products sold to Huawei are subject to the same restriction as that applied to U.S. companies. They risk legal repercussions in the U.S. if they fail to comply.For this reason, German chipmaker Infineon Technologies has suspended shipments to Huawei, a sign that Washington's sanction on the Chinese tech giant is beginning to choke off its vital chip supplies beyond the U.S. The German chipmaker supplies products to Huawei, including microcontrollers and power management integrated circuits.Infineon’s move could influence other key European and Asian suppliers to take a similarly cautious approach.ST Microelectronics, another key European chipmaker, is set to have meetings this week to discuss whether it will continue shipping to Huawei, according to the Nikkei Asian Review. For now, ST Microelectronics is maintaining deliveries.Huawei's key Asian chip supplier Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., the world's largest foundry company, continues to deliver to Huawei but is conducting due diligence to assess the potential impact, according to the Nikkei Asian Review.Other Asian suppliers such as Japan's Toshiba Memory, the world's second biggest NAND flash memory provider, and Japan Display Inc, the screens supplier, are investigating the implications for their businesses of the U.S. blacklist of Huawei, the Japanese media outlet reported.Michael Herhcontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Raising Reduction TargetsA methanol bi-fuel ship from Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore EngineeringThe world’s largest shipping company Maersk has set the goal of moving up the year of reaching its carbon neutrality from 2050 to 2040 by one decade. The shipping giant chose methanol instead of LNG as a solution to realizing carbon neutrality. Since ordering a methanol-powered vessel from HD HHI in 2021, Maersk has ordered a total of 19 vessels.LNG’s days as a carbon-neutral vessel fuel are numbered, and methanol time has replaced LNG. Orders for methanol-powered ships have continued to grow as environmental regulations on ships have been tightened.Insiders of the Korean shipbuilding industry estimate that six out of 10 new shipbuilding orders in the first half of this year will be those for methanol-powered ships. Until last year, LNG carriers have dominated orders, but things have turned this year. According to British shipping research firm Clarkson Research, 93 percent of the container ships ordered in January and February will use methanol as their fuel.The biggest advantage of methanol is that it exists as a liquid at room temperature, making methanol easier to handle than LNG, which must be liquefied at cryogenic temperatures. Methanol-powered vessels do not require cold storage tanks and processing facilities required for LNG-powered vessels. Methanol is biodegradable in the event of a spill, making it relatively free from marine pollution concerns. No nitrogen oxides or sulfur is found in methanol so it is not subject to environmental regulations. Methanol-only engines have already been commercialized.However, even methanol-powered ships have limitations. Methanol is less energy dense than bunker fuel or LNG, so more is needed to produce the same power. Experts point out that installing large fuel tanks can decrease space on a ship, making methanol unsuitable for other than container ships.In particular, so far, methanol-powered container ships are more sought-after than LNG-powered container ships as container ships sail regularly in general. This is because it is important to have a carbon-neutral fuel because of the regularity of their routes. However, experts predict that larger ships such as bulk carriers will respond quickly to this trend.The larger a ship is the more CO2 it emits. Shipping companies have to be proactive in responding to international carbon neutrality regulations.The International Maritime Organization (IMO) will hold the 80th meeting of its Marine Environment Protection Committee (MEPC) in July to discuss a revised proposal to raise its international shipping greenhouse gas reduction bar. It is expected that the amendment will further raise the 2050 reduction target from 50 percent to 100 percent.Jung Min-heepr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Test Platform Completed for Self-navigation, Remote ControlA Samsung Heavy Industries engineer at the company’s Shipbuilding and Maritime Research Institute monitors the surroundings of the Geoje Shipyard through high-performance cameras loaded on Easy Go, an autonomously navigating model vessel.Samsung Heavy Industries (SHI) has successfully tested its 5G-based autonomous and remote control navigation system.SHI and SK Telecom (SKT) announced on Dec.10 that they have completed the development of an autonomous and remote control navigation test platform, which connects Daejeon and Geoje through high-speed 5G network, and verified the platform using a test ship in the sea. SHI said that it operated the test ship in the sea from a remote control center located some 250 kilometers away from its Geoje shipyard on Dec 9. The test has met the International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea (COLREGs) set by the International Maritime Organization (IMO).SHI verified two technologies -- autonomous navigation and remote control. The autonomous navigation technology enables a vessel to search for the optimal route and navigate to the destination on its own, avoiding maritime obstacles.The model ship Easy Go, created by SHI in the shape of a LNG carrier, is a 3.3-meter-long self-navigating ship equipped with the company’s auto-pilot and inertial navigation system.Easy Go features high-speed broadband communications functions, high-performance cameras and a LIDAR remote sensing system, and an electric propulsion system equipped with a cloud-based IoT platform. All these devices enable it to navigate autonomously and allow its remote control. Furthermore, five high-performance cameras equipped in the ship allows the remote control center to check its surrounding images and the location of obstacles and to control the ship in real time.Jung Min-heecontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




A recent data shows the number of boat accidents has been on the rise despite efforts to introduce more safety measures following the Sewol ferry sinking in 2014.The data compiled by the oceans ministry showed a total of 2,101 cases of vessel-related accidents were reported in 2015, up 57 percent from a year earlier.Saenuri lawmaker Kwon Sok-chang who brought up the issue, said the figures indicate that countermeasures are not being properly implemented and called for greater efforts to reinforce safety equipment and education.








 






Targets Revenue of 30 Trillion Won by 2024A panoramic view of the Hanwha Ocean Geoje Business ComplexHanwha Ocean decided on a capital increase of approximately 2 trillion won during its board meeting on Aug. 23. Concurrently, the company also set forth a goal to achieve 30 trillion won in sales and 5 trillion won in operating profit by 2040.Out of the funds secured from this capital raise, about 900 billion won will be allocated towards securing overseas production bases combined with unmanned and advanced technology. The goal is to establish infrastructure for entering the global naval defense market, focusing on the U.S. and Europe.Given the geopolitical crises and subsequent increase in defense budgets, the global ship market is projected to reach approximately US$986 billion over the next decade. Out of this, Hanwha Ocean aims to quickly emerge in the submarine and surface vessel market, estimated to be US$243 billion.Hanwha Ocean is also actively responding to the rising demand for eco-friendly products and technologies due to stricter global environmental regulations. About 600 billion won from the capital raised will be invested to develop eco-friendly propulsion systems based on ammonia, methanol, and hydrogen. They will also develop ships for transporting ammonia, carbon dioxide, and hydrogen. Additionally, by 2030, the company plans to acquire technology for ships with Level 4 full autonomous navigation.Hanwha Ocean is also investing approximately 200 billion won in the global offshore wind market, which is growing at 18% annually, focusing on Europe, the U.S., and Asia. They aim to secure overwhelming competitiveness for sustainable growth in the existing shipbuilding sector, allocating about 300 billion won to develop an automated “smart yard” to enhance safety and address the decline of skilled labor due to demographic changes.Kwon Hyuk-woong, CEO of Hanwha Ocean, said, “With this significant investment, we aim to go beyond maximizing the intrinsic competitiveness of shipbuilding and become a global innovative company offering solutions to the security and climate crises the world is facing.”Jasmine Choipr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




NETHERLANDS SHIP COLLISION

An aerial view shows Greek tanker Mindoro losing jet fuel after a collision with a container ship off the coast of Amsterdam, The Netherlands, 12 October 2010. The officials said the tanker Mindoro, with a crew of 24, including Greeks, Filipinos and a Romanian, had briefly leaked fuel into the North Sea following the collision with the Cypriot-flagged container vessel York Ranger. 




The next-generation Aegis destroyer King Jeongjo the GreatAt HD Hyundai Heavy Industries’ Ulsan yard, the future of South Korea’s naval defense is being forged. The Republic of Korea Navy’s next-generation Aegis destroyer (KDX-III Batch-II) King Jeongjo the Great was successfully launched last July and is awaiting operational deployment. The lead ship in the next-generation Aegis class, King Jeongjo the Great, with a length of 170 meters, a width of 21 meters, and a light displacement of 8,200 tons, is scheduled to be delivered to the Navy at the end of 2024 after undergoing sea trials.HD Hyundai Heavy Industries is recognized for its advanced technology in the Aegis destroyer sector. Since delivering South Korea’s first Aegis destroyer King Sejong the Great in 2008, it has successfully delivered two King Sejong the Great-class Aegis destroyers (KDX-III) and has also won orders for all three next-generation Aegis destroyers commissioned by the Republic of Korea Navy. Consequently, HD Hyundai Heavy Industries will have constructed five of the six Aegis destroyers to be possessed by the Korean Navy.HD Hyundai Heavy Industries, crafting the future of South Korea’s maritime defense, holds the country’s most extensive record for constructing naval vessels. Beginning with the development of Korea’s first combat ship, Ulsan, in 1975, it has to-date constructed 102 state-of-the-art naval vessels, including 5 Aegis destroyers, 3 KDX-II destroyers, 12 frigates, 6 patrol ships, 9 submarines, 31 patrol and rescue ships, 7 support ships, and 14 export ships, thus proving its competitiveness in the defense industry.MADEX 2023 MOU Signing with Babcock Canada in June of this yearHan Young-seok, the vice chairman of HD Hyundai Heavy Industries, at the recent international maritime defense industry expo (MADEX 2023), signed a Technical Cooperation Agreement (TCA) with Babcock Canada for a submarine export project to Canada, stating, “By combining the world-class technical expertise of both companies in shipbuilding and defense, we expect to create significant synergy and secure differentiated competitive advantages through close cooperation.”HD Hyundai Heavy Industries is actively targeting overseas markets as well as domestic ones, thus actively extending the reputation of K-Defense globally. Starting with the delivery of the military support ship Endeavour to New Zealand in 1988, the delivery of a naval patrol ship Madhumati to Bangladesh in 1997, and a 2,600-ton frigate Jose Rizal to the Philippines in 2020, the company has exported a total of 14 vessels, boasting the highest number of naval vessel exports in the country.The Jose Rizal, a ship built by HD Hyundai Heavy Industries and delivered to the Philippine NavyLast August, HD Hyundai Heavy Industries signed a mutual cooperation agreement in the field of educational and training systems with Korea Aerospace Industries (KAI). Through this agreement, HD Hyundai Heavy Industries plans to expand exchanges and build strategic partnerships for technological development and business advancement in maritime training systems, based on domestic and foreign surface ships and submarine projects.HD Hyundai Heavy Industries and KAI will cooperate on the establishment and expansion of educational and training systems for new vessel construction and performance improvement of existing vessels, including manned and unmanned integrated systems. Additionally, to enhance the competitiveness of bids during ship exports, they will package educational and training systems and promote joint domestic and international marketing. HD Hyundai Heavy Industries plans to solidify its competitiveness in the ship sector through such diverse cooperation.Last July, HD Hyundai Heavy Industries completed the conceptual design of the next-generation Offshore Patrol Vessel (OPV), demonstrating its technical capabilities in the research and development of future vessels. The next-generation OPV designed by HD Hyundai Heavy Industries is characterized by the adoption of AI-based advanced technologies, which enable significant levels of automation and unmanned operations.Following the development of two types of export model offshore patrol vessels of 1,500-ton and 2,200-ton class, and after securing an order for six 2,450-ton class offshore patrol vessels from the Philippines last year, HD Hyundai Heavy Industries completed the conceptual design of the next-generation OPV similar in type to the Republic of Korea Navy's future vessels, thereby proving its technological prowess in the R&D of future-type vessels.Jasmine Choipr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




FRANCE TRANSPORT SHIPS COLLISION ACCIDENT

A handout photo made available by the French National Gendarmerie on 08 October 2018 shows a Tunisian ship and a Cypriot ship after a collision in the Mediterranean Sea north of Corsica island, 07 October 2018. French maritime authorities are working to contain an apparent oil spill. According to reports, a trail of pollution is four kilometers long and several hundred meters wide.




One sailor dead, two missing in ship sinking. A South Korean naval patrol ship collided with a fishing boat in waters off the southern island of Jeju on Wednesday night, leaving one seaman dead and two others missing, the Navy said Thursday. The 150-ton ship Chamsuri was returning to its base on the island after carrying out a routine patrol mission when it collided with the 270-ton fishing boat about 8.7 kilometers northwest of the Jeju port at around 10:50 p.m., officials said. The ship, which belongs to the Third Fleet based in Mokpo, South Jeolla Province, sank at 1:24 a.m. Thursday, the Navy said.
Of the 30 crewmembers, 28 were rescued by another patrol ship. Seaman Noh Ga-bin, who suffered an injury to his right leg, died due to massive blood loss after he was transported to a nearby hospital. Petty Officer First Class Im Tae-sam and Seaman Apprentice Hong Chang-min are missing.The fishing boat suffered no casualties and the damage to it was minor, officials said.Helicopters, naval ships and vessels from the maritime police have been mobilized to search for the two missing sailors, who officials said could be trapped inside the sunken ship or drifting in the surrounding waters.Navy officials said they are investigating the exact cause of the collision, adding that the exact cause may be verified after they pull the ill-fated ship out of the sea and examine it.
Most of the rescued soldiers were taken back to their base while four of them, who suffered minor injuries, were transported to a hospital for treatment.The collision came when the military was on a high alert to ensure security ahead of the two-day Group of 20 summit to open Thursday.





Incheon Marine Police Station announced that it will issue a ‘Attention’ safety accident risk forecast system from the 14th to the 18th. According to the Incheon Coast Guard, as the weather gets cooler, the number of tourists visiting the coast increases, and the possibility of accidents is high due to the rise in sea level, so special caution is needed.
Incheon Coast Guard is strengthening land and sea patrols according to tidal times and maintaining emergency response readiness to prepare for coastal accidents such as tidal flat isolation. An Incheon Coast Guard official said, “The West Sea has a very large tidal range and the speed at which water comes in is high, so there is a high possibility of casualties.” He added, “During coastal activities, be sure to follow marine safety rules such as not entering dangerous areas, wearing life jackets, and checking the tide. “We must do it,” he urged. Meanwhile, by downloading and using apps such as ‘Sea Navi’, ‘Harrod’, and ‘Safe Sea’, you can obtain various marine safety information such as tide tables.




Central Coast Guard operates special inspection team for Lunar New Year food safety Establishment of a special inspection team of 30 foreign affairs police officers... Focused crackdown on hoarding, impersonation of country of origin, etc. -Break News Incheon Reporter Park Sang-do. The Central Regional Coast Guard announced that it is forming and operating a special inspection team for crimes that violate the people's livelihood in order to secure safe food and establish distribution order of agricultural and marine products for the Lunar New Year holiday until February 16. According to the Central Coast Guard, in this special inspection, 30 foreign affairs police officers will be deployed to investigate acts that disrupt the market distribution order such as smuggling and distribution of agricultural, fishery and livestock products, sales disguised as country of origin, and cornering, and food subject to disposal that has passed its expiration date. We plan to focus on cracking down on the sale of . In addition, the Coast Guard's special inspection team plans to intensively inspect compliance with country of origin labeling on imported foods at famous fish markets, large supermarkets, and traditional markets across the country that are frequently visited by the public in order to relieve public anxiety about imported marine products and establish order in the distribution of agricultural and marine products. According to the Act on Origin Labeling of Agricultural and Fishery Products (abbreviated as the Origin Labeling Act), false labeling of the country of origin can result in imprisonment of up to 7 years or a fine of up to 100 million won, and failure to label the country of origin can result in a fine of 50,000 to 10 million won. You can. An official from the Central Coast Guard's Information and External Affairs Division said, “We will do our best to ensure the safety of the people's food by blocking the distribution of illegal agricultural and marine products around this year's Lunar New Year holiday. We also plan to pay a small reporting reward to those who report important incidents, so if a violation is discovered, we will do our best to ensure the safety of people's food.” “Please report it to the police station,” he asked.




Chairman Soon-Yeol Lee “Can Sejong citizens eat seafood with confidence?” Mayor Choi Min-ho does not express his position on discharging Fukushima contaminated water, only saying to trust the government. Sejong City has a team and staff dedicated to preventing the illegal distribution of Japanese marine products and cracking down on the country of origin. Citizen safety takes a backseat... No preemptive response and insufficient follow-up measures. Controversy over poor administration. Chairman Lee Sun-yeol of Sejong City Council pointed out that Sejong City is responding laxly to food safety while public concerns about the safety of marine products have increased again due to the re-discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima, Japan, and criticized Sejong City's immature administration. Chairman Lee Soon-yeol inspected Sejong City's response to the safety of Sejong City's marine products and processed products in celebration of Dokdo Day on the 25th, but took issue with the administrative power and lukewarm and formal response that did not meet citizens' expectations and expectations. According to data released by Sejong City Council, Sejong City responded to the ‘data and crackdown performance related to imported marine products’ that Sejong City ‘does not have relevant statistical data under management.’ He pointed out that it was confirmed that the status was not even managed. In addition, since the discharge of contaminated water from a Japanese nuclear power plant last September, there has been no discussion between relevant departments until recently, and it is known that there has been no review of expanding dedicated personnel, expanding the number of inspections, or disclosing investigation results to the public. In addition, the 'Natural Disaster Division (1 person)' and 'Animal Hygiene and Quarantine Division (1 person)' are responsible for cracking down on the origin of marine products, the 'Health Policy Division (1 person)' for general foods, and the 'Local Food Division (1 person)' for public meals. It was structured to be collected irregularly by the Office of Education and inspected by the 'Health and Environment Research Institute (1 person)'. Since the person in charge was carrying out two to three tasks in parallel, there was virtually no dedicated manpower, and the issue of neglect of safety management began to emerge. Recently, controversy arose when it was revealed to the media that a large ship filled with ballast water (sea water) off the coast of six prefectures near Fukushima and then dumped 1.28 million tons into the sea off the coast of Korea. What is even more shocking is that the discharge of ballast water off Fukushima reached 6,703 tons, raising public anxiety about the safety of not only imported Japanese products but also domestic marine products. Chairman Lee Sun-yeol said, “The Yoon Seok-yeol government is responding in a lukewarm and perfunctory manner to the safety of Japanese marine products and processed products.” He added, “I hope that Sejong City will not only respond lukewarmly as the government follows, but will speak out for its citizens and take preemptive measures. “He said. He continued, “Other local governments, including Busan, Gyeongnam, Gyeongbuk, and Chungnam, have formed departments dedicated to responding to Fukushima radiation, and have significantly expanded testing equipment and manpower, making test results public every day.” “We need to prepare measures to thoroughly respond and ensure food safety,” he ordered.






According to the Corporation on the 18th, this training, held at 1 PM on the same day with the participation of Pyeongtaek Marine Police Station (Chief Jang Jin-soo), Namyang 119 Safety Center (Center Director Kim Min-soo), and Gyeonggi Marine Leisure Development Council (Chairman Jeong Jeong-sam), was held at 1:00 p.m. They said they were trained on response measures such as water lifesaving, first aid, and fire suppression among various situations that could lead to fatal accidents, ship fires, and oil spills.In particular, this training was held with the participation of ship owners from the Gyeonggi Marine Leisure Development Council to strengthen the public-private cooperation system and systematically respond to disasters through Jebu Marina's initial response when a situation occurs △ Pyeongtaek Coast Guard rescue boat emergency dispatch Namyang Fire Department's emergency fire extinguishment, etc. I took my time.Kim Seok-gu, CEO of the Corporation, said, “Through this public-private joint training, our practical response capabilities have greatly improved, and we expect that we will be able to quickly respond to and resolve disasters in the event of an emergency.”





 






Discharging contaminated water poses a threat, causing damage to people’s health and the economy, and continuous efforts must be made to slow down the discharge of contaminated water as much as possible.Representative Kang Hoon-sik (Democratic Party of Korea, South Chungcheong Province) pointed out on July 26 that a national research institute had not made public a report on the response strategy for contaminated water from Japan's Fukushima nuclear power plant, and today the contents of the report were obtained and made public. did.This report, titled “Basic Research for Establishing a Strategy for Responding to Contaminated Water from Nuclear Power Plants,” was conducted as a collaborative study between research institutes under the National Research Council for Economics, Humanities and Social Sciences, and was hosted by the Korea Maritime and Fisheries Development Institute and conducted by the Korea Environmental Research Institute, the Korea Legislative Research Institute, and Korea Atomic Energy. The research was carried out collaboratively.As the ‘Korean Summary’, the first page of the report, states, “Pollution does not consider the boundaries of national jurisdiction,” the world’s oceans are connected, and individual countries’ maritime activities and pollution actions have an impact on the entire ocean. I can give it. Japan's plan to discharge contaminated water from nuclear power plants into the Pacific Ocean over 30 to 40 years starting in 2023 poses an actual and potential threat to 'pollution (1%) biodiversity' and the ecosystem, which must be conserved and used sustainably by all of humanity. can be given. In addition, there are concerns about negative environmental and socioeconomic impacts and damage to our country’s public health and safety, fisheries, marine tourism industry, etc.”In addition, the page states, “In order to respond to the problem of contaminated water from nuclear power plants in the future, we must first continue to make efforts to slow down the ocean discharge of contaminated water from Japan’s nuclear power plants as much as possible. However, a systematic response plan must also be prepared in case contaminated water from nuclear power plants is discharged into the ocean in 2023. Accordingly, in this study, under the policy goal of 'securing public health and safety from contaminated water from nuclear power plants,' 3 major strategies and 11 major tasks were presented, including establishing a response system to the impact of the national economy, strengthening scientific response capabilities, and strengthening international cooperation and policy base. “It concludes.Meanwhile, as a policy proposal, the study suggested that “multifaceted efforts should be made to prevent nuclear discharge of contaminated water into the ocean, and that it is necessary to clarify policy goals and policy directions, including cases where nuclear power plant contamination is discharged.” The specific policy direction is, “First, we must prevent health and safety damage caused by contaminated water from nuclear power plants, and second, we must improve our capacity to observe, predict, and evaluate the impact of contaminated water from nuclear power plants.” Third, in order to maintain and promote the value of the ocean as a commons, it is proposed that the three major strategies should be“establishing an effective and systematic response system to the problem of contaminated water from nuclear power plants by strengthening international cooperation and cooperation related to contaminated water from nuclear power plants.” I'm doing it.Who is unscientific? It must be revealed why they helped release contaminated water while disclosing the report of a national research institute. Representative Kang Hoon-sik said, “The conclusion of the Korean research institute was that the discharge of contaminated water was a threat, that it would cause damage to the health and economy of our people, and that we should continue to make efforts to slow down the discharge of contaminated water as much as possible.” “I want to ask who it is,” he said.Rep. Kang criticized, “I don’t know what the purpose of the Yoon Seok-yeol government was in helping Japan discharge contaminated water by keeping the results of collaborative research conducted by the country’s top research institutes confidential.” 






(FILE) AT SEA CHINA OIL TANK COLLISION

32 missing after oil tanker collides with cargo ship off China's eastern coast

(FILE) - A handout photo made available by the South Korean Coast Guard on 08 January 2018 shows Panama-registered tanker 'Sanchi' on fire after a collision with Hong Kong-registered freighter 'CF Crystal,' off China's eastern coast, 07 January 2018 (reissued on 14 January 2018). Reports state Iranian oil tanker 'Sanchi' sunk eight days after a collision with a merchant ship some 296km off the coast of Shanghai. Thirty-two crewmen, including two Bangladeshis, were onboard the oil tanker carrying 136,000 tons of Iranian crude oil, that caught fire since the collision with the CF Crystal cargo ship on 06 January. 




Patrol ship sinks, one dead, two missing. A Navy spokesman said Thursday that a Korean patrol ship sank in waters off Jeju Island after a collision with a fishing boat, leaving one seaman dead and two others missing, according to Yonhap News Agency. The spoksman said the 150-ton patrol ship Chamsuri was on a routine mission in waters about 5.4 miles northwest of Jeju Island at around 10:50 p.m. Wednesday when the collision took place, Yonhap said. "We've rescued 28 fishermen aboard and two are still missing," he said. "We've sent several patrol ships and copters to the scene to search for the missing."
The spokesman said that one of the rescued, however, died soon after being taken to a hospital, Yonhap said.




epaselect ITALY VENICE CRUISE SHIP COLLISION

Cruise ship collides with tourist boat in Venice

epaselect epa07619681 The cruise ship MSC Opera (R) is seen after the collision with a tourist boat, in Venice, Italy, 02 June 2019. The cruise ship smashed into a dock located on the Giudecca canal in Venice this morning. Tugs could not maintain control of the MSC cruise ship as it struck the dock and then struck the stern of the 'River Countess' tourist boat which was docked. Four people were taken to the hospital, according to reports. 




Two die in boat collision off Pohang coast.Two fishermen were killed in a boat collision on Thursday off the coast of Pohang, North Gyeongsang, just a day after another accident just a few kilometers away killed four fishermen.Three went missing in the two accidents and have not been found as of Thursday press time.At around 4:40 a.m., 125 meters (410 feet) from Pohang Old Port, a tugboat was pulling a barge toward the port when a fishing boat that was leaving the port collided with the barge.The fishing boat was also tugging a smaller boat at a distance of 15 meters, which carried three fishermen. When the smaller fishing boat collided with the barge, the three fishermen went overboard.“The captain of the fishing boat decided to sail in front of the tugboat, because he thought that the fishing boat and its smaller boat would be able to sail clear of its path,” said a Korea Coast Guard official.“Two out of the three fishermen in the smaller boat were rescued and moved to a hospital but they died. We are still searching for the missing fisherman.”On Wednesday at around 4:30 a.m., a 27-ton fishing boat capsized in waters 37 kilometers (22 miles) from Guryongpo, Pohang.Of the nine on board, three, including the captain, were rescued. Four were found dead inside the boat, and two were still missing as of Thursday press time.“We will investigate thoroughly why the accidents took place and whether all emergency devices and systems were working,” said Oh Yoon-yong, chief of the Coast Guard’s Pohang branch office, in a press briefing on Thursday.Some details of the two accidents are raising questions about whether the Coast Guard and the fishing crew responded appropriately to emergency situations.For one, none of the fishermen rescued or those found dead were wearing life vests. Also, the Coast Guard reached the capsized boat on Wednesday eight hours after it capsized.The Coast Guard stopped receiving Maritime Mobile Service Identity signals from the boat, which are sent via its Automatic Identification System (AIS), when the boat capsized at around 4:30 a.m. It was around 12:47 p.m. when they got to the scene.“We knew the boat stopped sending out signals of its whereabouts [at around 4:30 a.m.] but the Coast Guard isn’t dispatched whenever boats disappear from radar,” said a Coast Guard official. “We need to receive an SOS report.”The Coast Guard was dispatched after a ship passing by saw the capsized boat at around 12:14 p.m. and reported it to authorities.The capsized boat was equipped with V-Pass and Very-high-frequency Digital-selective-calling (VHF-DSC) devices, through which anyone can send out an SOS or coordinates of the vessel’s location.The Fishing Vessels Act states that if any one of the V-Pass, AIS or VHF-DSC devices work on a vessel, it can set sail.Boats have been legally required to install V-Pass devices since 2013. Based on its initial investigation, the Coast Guard suspects that the boat’s V-Pass device was broken.The VHF-DSC unit was working, but the captain, a 58-year-old surnamed Kim, did not send out an SOS report when the boat started to tilt.“The boat tilted to one side very quickly, and I couldn’t press the SOS button,” Kim told authorities. “I had just enough time to press the warning siren for the crew.”The fishing boat that collided with a barge on Thursday had a working V-Pass device, but the captain, a 70-year-old surnamed Sohn, did not issue an SOS signal either.If anyone presses the SOS button on a V-Pass, an SOS call is made immediately to the Coast Guard, and data on the whereabouts of the boat is transmitted with the call.But Sohn called the Coast Guard on his phone.“I think the captain was in a hurry and made the call on his phone,” said the official.“And the two boats that collided were probably able to see where each other was located via GPS, but it seems like they couldn’t slow down in time.”Authorities on Thursday were investigating why the fishing boat capsized on Wednesday.The national weather forecast agency had issued a high waves and wind advisory on Wednesday morning. According to Daegu’s forecast, the waves were 2.5 to 3 meters high that morning.“My husband told me that he called the captain to warn him about the high waves,” said a wife of a missing fisherman from the accident on Wednesday. “But the boat still set sail. I should have stopped him from going.”“The captain is too weak to answer further questions now,” said a Coast Guard official. “It’s also possible that the boat was too heavily loaded, so much that it couldn’t balance itself after the boat tilted to one side for some reason.”The national Coast Guard was reinstated on July 26, after three years of operating as an independent agency since the Sewol tragedy.





Fishing equipment “More than 15 tons of fishery products manufactured and produced in 8 prefectures, including Fukushima, and processed products served on people’s tables...”Import of seafood from 8 prefectures, including Fukushima, is banned. Processed seafood products are allowed.Processed seafood products manufactured and produced in Fukushima alone amount to nearly 9 tons.Despite the ban on imports of seafood from eight prefectures, including Fukushima, imports of processed seafood products manufactured and produced in eight prefectures, including Fukushima, were found to exceed 15 tons between July and September of this year (as of September 18).As a result of an analysis of the radioactivity testing status of imported foods by the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety, the Secretary of the Democratic Party of Korea and the Democratic Party of Korea's Fisheries Committee of the National Assembly's Agriculture, Food, Rural Affairs, Oceans and Fisheries Committee (Dangjin City, South Chungcheong Province) analyzed the status of radioactivity tests on imported foods from the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety, and found that fishery products manufactured in eight prefectures, including Fukushima, Japan, where imports of marine products have been banned since 2013. Processed marine products such as fish shells and fish cakes were still being served on people's tables.Among the processed seafood products imported from eight prefectures, including Fukushima, over the past three months, products manufactured and produced in Fukushima Prefecture, the area of the nuclear power plant accident, accounted for the largest amount at 8.9 tons, while products manufactured and produced in Miyagi Prefecture, located just above Fukushima, accounted for 4.5 tons. followed.In the case of processed seafood products, they are not specified in the items subject to the Korean government's import ban. The Ministry of Food and Drug Safety explains that in the case of processed food, it conducts radioactivity tests for each case and requests an additional nuclide certificate if even a trace amount is detected, and is establishing a system in which if there is a problem, it is virtually prohibited from being imported. However, if marine products caught off the coast of Fukushima are made into fish fillets or cooked with seasoning additives, they can avoid the import ban by our government and be placed on people's tables.Moreover, as the Japan Trade Promotion Organization (JETRO), which began developing sales channels for marine products at the request of the Japanese government on the 11th, hinted at expanding seafood exports to Korea, the food anxiety that has grown since the discharge of contaminated water is expected to intensify.Fishing Organization lawmaker: “Measures are needed to alleviate people’s food anxiety”Rep. Eogyu said, “It is difficult to understand that the import of marine products is prohibited, but there are no problems with products made by processing them,” and emphasized, “Measures against indirect exports through processed products are needed to relieve people’s food anxiety.” 




Collision must be avoided: Wen. Three Asian leaders vow closer consultation on sunken ship caseWe don’t want war, though not afraid: Lee.JEJU ISLAND -- The leaders of South Korea, Japan and China on Sunday agreed to make joint efforts for regional security, including closer communication on tackling the North Korean nuclear crisis and its purported sinking of a South Korean warship in March.President Lee Myung-bak, Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama and Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao exchanged views on the Cheonan’s sinking on the second day of the two-day annual tripartite summit on the southern resort island.President Lee Myung-bak, Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama and Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao give a joint news conference after their trilateral summit on Jeju Island on Sunday. Wen apparently faces renewed pressure from both Seoul and Tokyo to join in blaming the North for its latest naval attack on the South.“China will make proactive efforts for closer communication and seek to tackle the (Cheonan) issue in a direction that promotes peace and stability of the Northeast Asian region,” Wen said during his speech concluding the summit.“Without continued efforts for regional peace and security as the precondition, hard-earned progress in other areas of trilateral cooperation will disappear.”Noting that “resolving the tension and repercussions of the Cheonan case” was the “most pressing” security task now, the Chinese leader stressed that “a collision must be avoided.”Wen added that the three countries must closely discuss important issues, deal with sensitive matters in a proper way and solidify political trust.President Lee said during his speech that “resolute, due procedures” must be taken in response to the alleged attack on the South Korean naval ship.“As responsible members of the international community, Japan and China are expected to wisely cooperate in dealing with the Cheonan case,” Lee said.“We hope to overcome the difficult times with such cooperation and seek our goal of achieving peace on the Korean Peninsula and peaceful unification.”Mentioning Hatoyama’s proposal for stronger cooperation to create a nuclear-free world, Lee also thanked Wen for clearly explaining China’s nuclear policy as the nuclear state.Noting that the Jeju summit served as a “firm cornerstone for promotion of substantial trilateral cooperation,” Lee said the three-way collaboration must continue to achieve the ultimate goal of creating a Northeast Asian regional bloc.The three leaders agreed to complete a joint study on the proposed free trade agreement among the three countries by 2012 and make efforts to sign a trilateral investment pact in the near future.The three-way summit is primarily intended to explore ways to boost regional cooperation among the Northeast Asian neighbors, which regard the European Union as a role model.This year’s event, however, has been overshadowed by the Cheonan incident.The 1,200-ton patrol ship was torpedoed by a North Korean submarine and sunk on March 26, according to a probe by South Korea and experts from the U.S., Sweden and Australia.During the first session of the tripartite summit Saturday, Lee, Hatoyama and Wen agreed to set up a permanent secretariat for cooperation in Korea next year and adopted a 10-year roadmap on how to cement the trilateral partnership.They also issued joint statements on cooperation for a common technological standardization, and for science and innovation.The three countries issued joint statements urging businesses and experts to take part in establishing a common set of technological standards to promote trade, get rid of unnecessary technological barriers and to closely cooperate in areas of science and innovation.They also agreed on bolstering collaboration in labor and employment, public security, low-carbon green growth as well as education by launching a “Campus Asia Initiative” for joint university degree programs.Although the three nations have stepped up efforts to expand economic ties and other exchanges toward establishing a stronger Northeast Asian community, they do not share a common view when it comes to the region’s security landscape.South Korea and Japan are pushing for tough penalties against Pyongyang for its provocations but China has focused more on stability. Beijing is concerned about the possibility of a massive inflow of North Korean defectors and a weakening of its influence in the region in case of political instability in Pyongyang, experts say.In that regard, Wen’s three-day trip to South Korea, the first top-level visit by a Chinese official since the South formally pointed its finger at the North for the unprovoked attack, drew keen attention especially as Seoul prepares to bring the case to the U.N. Security Council.In a series of meetings with the South Korean president and other senior officials, Wen reiterated that Beijing will decide its position impartially.The three Northeast Asian nations launched the three-way summit in 1999 on the sidelines of the ASEAN Plus Three foreign ministerial talks.They launched the trilateral summit in its current form in 2008, taking turns as host. Japan will host the next meeting.Hatoyama and Wen are scheduled to hold a bilateral summit in Tokyo on Monday.




Interview with Mrinmoy Chakraborty, Vice President of SOLiD DigitalThe author is a columnist. -- Ed.David Sehyeon Baek - Head of Policy & Analysis at Asian Productivity Organization(APO)Surviving the coming economic tsunamiNot only the media and social networking sites but also universities, expert groups, and consulting companies are warning that an economic tsunami is approaching. I see countless messages warning me to prepare for this and get ready for even greater economic hardship than during the Great Depression of 1929. Such predictions may not be exaggerated. Economic disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic are witnessed almost everywhere here and now. According to Moody's, China's economic growth rate will drop to 4.0%, and the G20 global economic growth rate is likely to drop to 2.1%. If that is so, we need to act quickly.Recent discussions on how digital and business transformations should take place in the new normal era caused by COVID-19 and how to survive in the aftermath are multiplying. However, digital and business transformations can be poisons, not drugs, if not undertaken appropriately. Decisions on transformation should never be based on the political judgment of those who want to show off their achievements in an organization.Mrinmoy Chakraborty, vice president of digital business at the Internet of Moving Things (IoMT) in Korea's SOLiD, a global telecommunications equipment company, is the company’s first foreign executive. He is already making significant contributions to productivity through digital business transformation services and consulting in the industry. During a one-on-one interview, he shared his insights on surviving the coming economic tsunami.Mrinmoy ChakrabortyQuestion: Most companies are worried about the effects of COVID-19, and everyone is worried about the economy. We need to be alert and act quickly. Can you tell us how you see this situation?Mrinmoy: Of course, this COVID-19 pandemic is painful and can’t be ignored. True entrepreneurs should see this crisis as an opportunity to create solutions. They believe that the more difficult the problem is, the better the solutions they can come up with, and that we should be able to propose and act on creative solutions to overcome this situation. Just suffering and feeling sad and depressed won't help businesses or the economy. I think it's important to put aside fear for the moment, accept reality, and try to overcome the situation. I hope people can find positive alternatives quickly.Q: What do you recommend startups, SMEs, large companies, and entrepreneurs to do first in the current situation?Mrinmoy: I want to suggest three steps. First, “stop the bleeding.” You have to have some long-term plans, but it is necessary to act quickly in the short run. That is, quickly identify your cash flows and deal with them. For example, figure out how to pay employees’ salaries, how to pay and deal with customers, and how to complete products already in production or under development. The most important thing is managing cash.Take India, for example. As of 2019, the investment in startups in India was USD6.6 billion. Since the COVID-19 pandemic, that investment has now decreased to USD2 billion. Difficulties are expected because the amount of investment in startups or SMEs has been greatly reduced. In the end, managing cash is the most important. So, the first thing entrepreneurs think about as an easy option is firing employees. More than 50% of companies are already laying off workers. There are stories of embarrassing and insensitive notifications of layoffs via Twitter. Managers really need to think about whether this is right. Instead of firing, companies need to keep as many employees as possible, even if salaries must be cut. That way, you can keep your business up and running while making things more bearable for your employees.During the 2008 global financial crisis, companies that tried to retain their employees somehow did well in the long run. Honeywell of the USA is an example. Honeywell managed to avoid dismissals as much as possible during the recession of 2009, partly through unpaid leave. In other words, dismissing employees blindly can reduce costs in the short term, but it is not good for the company in the long term. Employee morale also falls. It would make sense to fire people if we believed that the current economic difficulties would continue indefinitely. But all difficulties have an end, and once the current crisis is over, we will enter the recovery phase.David Cote, former CEO of HoneywellExcellent employees who have been hurt by firings will not likely return to help companies recover. Remember to take into account various aspects of the current crisis and believe that the recovery period will come. In this way, Honeywell managed to keep a good reputation among both its employees and its customers.Q: That is good advice, but not easy to follow. Can you give some specifics?Mrinmoy: One possibility is to mobilize everything. We need to devise a way to survive while continuing to communicate with customers, talk honestly to investors and employees, minimize shocks, and avoid dismissals. So we should think about “minimizing spending and maximizing investment.” While minimizing spending, rates of return on investments should be ensured. Recent college graduates may be happy to get work experience through internships instead of making as much money as possible immediately. Hiring those graduates is an “investment” for a company, not an expense. This shouldn’t be overlooked. Stopping product development in the middle of the process shouldn’t be seen as minimizing costs but as stopping investment, which is not good for the company, customers, investors, or employees.Q: Is there a second step?Mrinmoy: The second step is “get fit.” This means honoring commitments by trying every way possible to keep your promises to customers. If you can't keep all your promises even after trying everything, be honest with them and ask for their understanding. For example, if a product is being developed but cannot be 100% completed, offer the minimum viable product to honor your commitment and explain the difficulties faced. It’s also necessary to inform business partners who will be worrying about the situation. Never despair and never give up. There is always a way to think around a problem. By keeping promises to customers, we can secure long-term growth.Q: What is the third step you recommend?Mrinmoy: The third step is “go for the goal.” This is a measure for the future. According to Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella, the explosive digital transformation occurring over the past two months equals the results of a two-year transformation effort. Companies that were wondering if they would try digital transformation before the COVID-19 pandemic were suddenly forced to introduce it in a hurry.An example is a startup in China. It provides solutionsby visualizing rail-, aviation-, and ship-based supply chains. Aviation and shipping suffered a severe blow as the COVID-19 crisis deepened, with transport falling to almost 0%, but rail transport grew explosively. Supply chain losses through aviation and ships were offset by the growth in rail shipments. This shows that there is always a way to succeed if you observe the situation without giving up, no matter how difficult the business climate may be.It must be pointed out that successful attempts to overcome difficulties contribute to the overall economy. Although the restaurant and catering industry suffered enormously from COVID-10 containment measures, many business owners saw that it was time to transform through delivery services. The real estate industry is struggling because it can't meet buyers and sellers in person, but some are successfully transforming by putting property listings and all transactions online. Every business will have to find its own form of transformation to overcome today’s difficulties. Once again, we must prepare thoroughly for dealing with the current and future crises, while not assuming that this pandemic will last forever.Q: Some people argue that after this pandemic the “new normal” of social distancing and lockdowns will disappear. Do you think that we will return to our “old normal”?Mrinmoy: I think that’s just the personal opinion of some people. Let's look at the data. According to an announcement by India's largest IT service company with approximately 200,000 employees, 50% will continue to work from home even after the pandemic ends. Analysis of data showed that as the COVID-19 situation progressed, productivity increased significantly due to telecommuting. Fixed costs also fell as office spaces were reduced. Google and Facebook announced that they would extend their telecommuting work arrangements until the end of the year.Of course, it will be difficult for everybody to return to work if COVID-19 is not contained and vaccines are not developed. It doesn’t seem likely that our lives will simply go back to normal after the pandemic. People joke about the changes BC (before coronavirus) and AD (after the disease). But I learned how to get more and better results with fewer resources during the COVID-19 crisis, so it won’t be easy to abandon more productive methods and go back to the old normal.Q: Many companies are uncomfortable about working from home arrangements because direct monitoring of employees is not possible. Do you think that new types of software are needed for this?Mrinmoy: That's not a problem related to digital transformation, the new normal, or the productivity of telecommuting. I think it's simply a matter of trust. Leaders should know that the cost of distrust is also high. Developing new software for monitoring employees is the wrong problem-solving approach. If you don't believe in and trust your employees, why did you hire them? Once you employ people, it’s a mark of good leadership to believe in and encourage them. Leadership means building trust and working collaboratively to succeed.How can people become more productive? First, if a company believes in its people and feels that they can work more productively and effectively, they probably will. The COVID-19 situation teaches us to trust each other, cooperate, and be more efficient. If this trust-based system is working, I don't think everything will return to the old normal. Some may go back to the past, but I strongly believe that methods that are clearly effective during this current situation will settle into our lives as the new normal.Q: Some organizations regard digital conversion as a necessary process. However, a lot of people think that simply moving an offline process online is not a true digital transformation. How would you describe a complete digital transformation?Mrinmoy: Digital transformation involves software, hardware, and humanware. It should be regarded as a management transformation, not simply moving processes online. It will also fundamentally change corporate culture and people's mindsets. Change is not easy. I think that digital transformation should be a continuous, gradual change rather than a drastic one. It is a change to the business, and people who work in the business should be given time to adapt and guided in changing together.For digital transformation to succeed, it must be understood that it will not minimize the value of humans but assist in minimizing intermediaries so that each person can demonstrate his or her abilities more fully while gaining more skills. After all, technology exists for humans, not humans for the sake of technology. Humans are masters, and technology is the servant. However, people shouldn’t rush to adopt digital transformation due to FOMO (fear of missing out).Again, digital transformation is about changing corporate culture. It can’t be successful based on the FOMO attitude that we have to do something just because Amazon, Alibaba, and Google do it. Remember that they succeeded in digital transformation because the employees and corporate culture gladly embraced it and the changes it created.Digital transformation should start with the questions of "what" and "how" as well as "why" it is needed. Blindly following others is not going to make you succeed in digital transformation. Another important thing to remember is that digital transformation should not be attempted just for its own sake but to solve specific problems. This is where it’s crucial to ask the “why” question. If digital transformation cannot solve the problems identified, there is no need to proceed. Don’t forget which problems you are trying to solve. You need to ask yourself whether the solution is more like a vitamin (nice to have but also not a problem to be without it) or like a painkiller (definitely something you need).An important question for a company considering digital transformation concerns finances. What is the cost of not adopting digital transformation? If that cost is too high,then you must start the transformation. If that cost is relatively low, then digital transformation can probably wait.The Golden Circle, proposed by leadership expert Simon Sinek, shows how to cooperate, trust, and change. Organizations need to know what they are doing, how they are doing it, and, especially, why they are doing it. This knowledge will make them more likely to succeed.Simon SinekQ: Many companies want to create their own digital platforms. Do you think it’s better to build your own or work on shared platforms?Mrinmoy: I think that desire comes from company ego or self-centered thinking, rather than being customer-centric. I don't think everyone needs to create a digital platform, considering the whole ecosystem. Currently, there are more than 500 IoT platforms. Each company says its platform is the best, but that’s not really a customer-focused attitude. It’s more like saying, “We have capital and resources, so we’ll just create a platform and see how it works.” Creating an ecosystem is more important than just watching different actors make their own platform versions. It’s important to remember that the entire ecosystem cannot work properly with everyone in individual silos.Q: There are concerns that many activities are being carried out locally as the COVID-19 pandemic closes borders and causes major disruptions in international trade and supply chains. There are also fears that FDI will decrease, leading to more localization to minimize dependence on overseas partners. From this viewpoint, what kind of future should companies prepare for?Mrinmoy: I believe that will only happen in the short term and eventually the situation will normalize. Consider competitive advantage, one of the basic economic concepts. Doing everything alone means that any competitive advantage is bound to decrease. In the long run, collaborating with a partner who does something better is a win–win situation. We need to ask if it really makes sense to try to do everything on our own. If a company makes decisions based on in-house politics instead of on facts and reality, it should be remembered that its customers will ultimately pay the price. In the short run, this may look great and seem plausible, but in the long run it will be hard to achieve a sustainable success. If quality and price goals can’t be met, it's actually an insult to customers. Ultimately, going it alone will hurt organizations that make such political decisions.David Sehyeon Baekcontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Government, people must think deeply what's gone wrong.In the aftermath of the Sewol ferry disaster last year, people thought ― or hoped ― Korea would be a totally different country in safety matters. A fishing boat accident Saturday, which left at least 18 people dead or missing, shows painfully little has changed since April 2014, both in the government's preparedness and in the public's consciousness.There are too many similarities between the two coastal mishaps to ignore. For instance, maritime authorities still do not know exactly how many were aboard the 9.8-ton charter fishing boat, Dolphin, when it sank near an islet north of Cheju Island. This indicates the operation and management of vessels, particularly small ships, are still left to their owners and captains, who usually put revenue ahead of safety.Like 17 months ago, it took too long a time for the Coast Guard to hear about the accident and even longer for it to find the sunken vessel. Once again, it was fishermen, not coast guards, who rescued three passengers, so far the only survivors.Bereaved family members of victims deserve an official explanation why the coast guard needed 70 minutes to receive the first report, and could not reach the scene after 11 hours had passed, during which four of the original seven passengers who clung to the capsized boat were swept away by strong gale and rough waves. Once the rescue operations are over, officials should tell families about what happened at sea and within the Coast Guard headquarters.The surviving passengers may be able to provide more details later. According to what is known, however, there are some points to ponder regarding the behavior of the passengers, too. If the media report is right, the passengers might have pressured the captain to move out to sea braving unfavorable weather conditions. Worse yet, few of the passengers wore life jackets.Unlike the case of ferry sinking when President Park Geun-hye couldn't be seen during the first several hours crucial for rescue operations, the chief executive responded quickly this time around, sending instructions. Sadly, however, President Park's learning effect seems to have stopped at after-the-fact response, failing to make her take more fundamental preventive steps.The Ministry of Public Security and Safety, which was formed after the Sewol disaster, vowed to rescue people in danger at sea within one hour. The swift rescue system has yet to take root, however, because of a budget shortage. The Ministry of Strategy and Finance has reportedly balked at allocating money for the project, citing the needs for implementing President Park's creative economy policy, revealing the government's policy priority is still on economic growth, not safety.Experts say had rescuers arrived on time, lit up and searched the area, most of the passengers could have been saved. Government budgeters are passing the buck, saying it was not the money but unfinished organizational revamping at the home ministry that hampered the rescue efforts.All this interagency squabble shows the Park administration has failed to mend the barn even after the horses had bolted. Koreans are wondering how many more lives must be lost before leaders put the people's safety ahead of all else.




As the Japanese government's ocean discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant is imminent, the city of Yeosu is accelerating efforts to secure the safety of marine products. According to the city of Yeosu on the 26th, the decision to discharge contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant is expected to cause enormous damage not only to the fishery industry but also to related industries and tourism due to increased public anxiety and decreased consumption of marine products. Accordingly, Yeosu City plans to establish a separate detailed response plan in connection with the Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries and Jeonnam-do's response plan for aquatic product safety, and establish a cooperative system with fisheries-related organizations to secure the safety of aquatic products. First of all, as the most prompt and preemptive response to the marine discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant, 20 million won was invested in purchasing four ‘portable radiation monitors’. When the marine discharge of contaminated water from nuclear power plants becomes full-fledged, a dedicated response task force team headed by the deputy mayor will be formed, and measures of radioactivity using portable measuring devices and labeling of origin will be conducted, focusing on places where a lot of seafood is handled, such as consignments and traditional markets. In particular, recognizing the seriousness of the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant from the beginning of this year, the government is promoting the establishment of a ‘fishery products safety center’ worth KRW 5.5 billion to establish an independent and active seafood safety inspection system. Therefore, we are putting our heart and soul into securing national and provincial funds, and if it is not secured, it is a policy to promote it by investing money. In addition, we are reviewing the installation of seawater real-time radioactivity measurement system using cooling water in fishing guide boats currently in operation in Chungcheongnam-do and Jeju Island with related companies. plan to do it. In addition, opinions from fisheries-related groups and associations related to the discharge of contaminated water from nuclear power plants were collected last month, and as most fishermen demand realistic compensation for losses and government purchases when consumption of fish products declines, the government will actively propose a plan for damage compensation. An official from Yeosu City said, “We will minimize the damage to fishermen by preparing various measures to ensure the safety of marine products, such as discovering new businesses in response to the discharge of contaminated water in connection with government policy.”




Siemens Digital Industries Software announced that it has signed an agreement with Spain-based SENER, a leading multinational company in engineering and technology, to acquire its FORAN software business. FORAN is CAD/CAE/CAM software for the design, construction and engineering of vessels and marine structures. The addition of the FORAN product and team to Siemens, together with its customer portfolio, brings experience and comprehensive know-how across complex commercial marine projects, defense industry standards and regulation compliance. SENER Group will keep and strengthen its traditional marine engineering business line, where it offers design, engineering and consultancy services for different types of ships and offshore vessels.FORAN will be added to Siemens' Xcelerator portfolio, offering a comprehensive and integrated portfolio of software and services that covers all aspects of the ship lifecycle, from concept design through production to operations and optimized service lifecycle management. "The acquisition of FORAN enhances our marine digital twin, adding preeminent capabilities to our integrated ship design and engineering digital thread solution," said Tony Hemmelgarn, CEO and President, Siemens Digital Industries Software. "By adding FORAN's extensive tools to the Xcelerator portfolio and leveraging the team's industry expertise, we will be able to offer commercial and naval shipbuilding customers better control of their ship design and manufacturing process as they transition to Shipyard 4.0." In today's race towards sustainable shipping, shipyards need to innovate faster and deliver greener ships that comply with strict safety and environmental regulations.  As the resulting complexity in marine design and build reaches unprecedented levels, risks and inefficiencies in the current design and manufacturing process need to be minimized. Software is critical to optimize this process, cut costs and increase productivity without compromising quality."With over 150 shipyard and design office customers across 40 countries, FORAN technology provides a strong position for Siemens to better support customers across the marine industry. At the same time, Siemens' global reach and the integration of the FORAN team into Siemens helps guarantee current FORAN clients continuity and improvement to the services provided with a strategic vision for ongoing developments," said Gabriel Alarcón, Managing Director, SENER Engineering.Siemens' acquisition of FORAN is due to close in the fourth quarter of calendar year 2021. Terms of the transaction are not disclosed.




SEOUL -- Four daredevil surfers have been caught for riding the waves while a storm warning was in effect. They will be fined for violating a marine safety law that requires permission from local authorities to use marine leisure equipment including surfing boards in bad weather.The coastguard said in a statement on March 3 that the four were caught in the eastern port city of Sokcho. "Interest in marine leisure sports has increased greatly because of the COVID-19 pandemic," an unnamed coastguard official was quoted as saying.According to the Korea Surfing Association, the population of surfers soared from 40,000 in 2014 to more than 200,000 in 2017. The association attributed the increase to changes in lifestyles, South Korea's work culture and working hours.Towns located along the east coast including Sokcho, Yangyang, and Gosung are popular spots for surfing because of strong winds and high waves. The surfing season in South Korea begins in early March. The southern resort island of Jeju is also a popular surfing spot where surfers stay near the beach for days.




Incheon Maritime Police Station (Chief Hak-seon Paik) from November to February next year, to prevent marine accidents in winter, safety management for ships entering and exiting the jurisdiction and strengthening cooperation system with related organizations 'Establishment of safety measures for marine accidents in winter season' promote As a result of analyzing marine ship accidents over the past five years, 204 of a total of 1,058 ship accidents occurred during the winter season (November to February). The casualties (disappearance, death) of 27 people occurred in the winter alone (78%), indicating that the ratio of casualties is very high compared to other periods.In addition, as the six major accidents (stranding, collision, overturning, flooding, fire, and sinking) tend to increase slightly in winter, the rate of fire accidents caused by heating appliances due to temperature drop and flooding accidents due to poor management is about 3-4% is increasing Human factors such as poor maintenance, negligence in operation and negligence in management accounted for 93.1% of the causes.Accordingly, the Incheon Coast Guard maintains an immediate response posture for emergency rescue, operates a safety management system to prevent ship accidents in case of bad weather, strengthens the warning system for tug boat operation and safety management of long-distance fishing vessels, advances deployment of patrol vessels in vulnerable areas, and strengthens patrol; The plan is to strengthen the public-private cooperative system, such as the national drone search, and use it as a rescue force to respond thoroughly.According to an official of the Incheon Coast Guard, "If the weather gets worse, we evacuate in advance for safety, and we ask for caution and attention, such as safe operation and equipment inspection to prevent accidents at sea."







In accordance with the Japanese government's decision to discharge contaminated water from nuclear power plants, the city of Incheon will expand the investigation of the safety of residual radioactivity for marine products off the coast of Incheon.To this end, the Incheon City Fisheries Technology Support Center plans to increase the number and targets of marine product safety surveys by 40% (125 cases → 175 cases) compared to the previous plan.In addition, with the cooperation of the National Fisheries Cooperative Federation, the regional water cooperatives, and the fishing community in jurisdiction, we plan to make sure that there are no obstacles in collecting and securing samples, and the results of safety surveys on the main waters of Incheon will be posted on the center's website every month to make them public for everyone to see.On the other hand, the Incheon City Fisheries Technology Support Center is expanding and operating the marine product safety survey items from three existing heavy metals to 42 additional items including radioactivity, antibiotics, and prohibited substances according to the relocation of the applicant and the establishment of analysis equipment in December 2020.
Head of Incheon City Fisheries Technology Support Center said, “We will try to resolve the concerns of the citizens of Incheon due to the discharge of contaminated water from nuclear power plants by expanding the aquatic product safety investigation and transparently disclosing the results.”








As all typhoon warnings have been lifted, the city of Pohang has decided to focus on environmental maintenance with the goal of normal opening of local beaches on weekends while speeding up crop damage investigations.On the afternoon of the 10th, Pohang Mayor Lee Kang-deok visited the Disaster and Safety Control Center and asked for thorough follow-up measures, such as collecting coastal trash and promptly conducting crop damage investigations so that citizens and tourists will not experience any inconvenience on the upcoming weekend.Accordingly, from the afternoon of the 10th, Pohang City put manpower and equipment into coastal garbage environment maintenance.Dogu Beach first treated 30 tons of marine debris with 150 people, including marine environment guards, public workers, Donghae Native Youth Association, and 1st Marine Corps, and 5 pieces of equipment such as forklifts, and opened the beach normally on the 11th. Due to the quick action of Donghae-myeon, the Dogu Beach clam-catching event scheduled for the 13th is expected to go ahead without a hitch.On the 11th, Chilpo Beach also started extensive environmental maintenance with a total of 120 people, including the Development Advisory Committee, Village Heads Council, Saemaeul Association, Volunteer Fire Brigade, Autonomous Defense Foundation, and Chilpo Prosperity Association, and 10 pieces of equipment such as fork cranes, dump trucks, and garbage trucks. It will be open as normal from now on.Yeongildae Beach, as well as Guryongpo, Wolpo, and Hwajin Beaches, all designated beaches are expected to be able to open normally on the 12th, with the help of the beach merchant prosperity association, volunteers, and military units.Songdo Beach, a non-designated beach, also puts in 9 fork cranes and 8 15-ton dump trucks to collect marine debris washed away by typhoons. I plan to go ahead. Along with this, Pohang City started a full-scale damage investigation on public and private facilities, including farmhouses that suffered damage such as apples and fallen fruits as the typhoon was accompanied by strong winds.The city plans to do its utmost to ensure that the facts of damage are not omitted by actively promoting reports of damage to private facilities, receiving damage applications and conducting prompt on-site investigations.Lee Kang-deok, Mayor of Pohang, expressed his gratitude, saying, “Thanks to the efforts of public officials who suffered during the typhoon, private organizations such as self-sufficient organizations, and related organizations once again, we are speeding up the return to daily life.” “We will focus our administrative powers on crop damage investigations and other measures to prevent damage caused by typhoons from being missed.”








 






In the fall holiday season, the Taean Maritime Police launched a special crackdown to prevent illegal activities such as drunken sailing.The Taean Maritime Police Station announced that 15 violations were discovered as a result of the “special crackdown on fishing boats in the fall season” for 44 days from September 18 to October 31 in order to prevent safety accidents on fishing boats and establish a maritime safety culture.The Taean Maritime Police Station, which caught 15 cases, ranked first in the enforcement performance of the Central Coast Maritime Police Agency.This special crackdown strengthened three-dimensional safety management and joint crackdown by mobilizing available forces, such as police boxes and guard ships, from the time the fishing boats depart from port to when they enter the port.In addition, maritime safety education was continuously provided for fishing boat captains and fishermen at sea, and activities that interfere with the safety of fishing boats such as driving under the influence, not wearing life jackets, violation of business areas, and failure to report entry and exit ports were intensively cracked down.Looking at the types of violations that have been cracked down, 3 cases of non-completion of fishing safety training (20%), 3 cases of non-publishing of passenger compliance information (20%), 2 cases of unchanged loading port (13%), non-wearing of life jackets, false declaration of entry and exit ports, overboarding, One case of violation of captain's safety duty and 3 cases of other violations appeared in that order.The Taean Coast Guard also announced that it would promote “safety measures against marine accidents in winter” from November of this month to February of next year to strengthen safety management for ships entering and exiting ports and cooperation with related organizations to prevent marine accidents in winter.As a result of analyzing marine ship accidents for the past three years, 110 out of a total of 541 ship accidents occurred during the winter season (November to February), and the number of casualties (disappearance, death) was 4 out of 9 people (66.6%) in the winter season alone. It was found that the fatality rate was very high compared to other periods.Accordingly, the Taean Coast Guard maintains an immediate response posture for emergency rescue, operates a safety management system to prevent ship accidents in case of bad weather, strengthens the warning system for tug boat operation and safety management of long-distance fishing vessels, and forwards security vessels to vulnerable areas and strengthens patrol. The government plans to strengthen the cooperative system and actively utilize rescue forces to respond thoroughly.




by LG UplusLG Uplus announced on the 5th that it will participate in the 2022 Shipbuilding, Shipping, and Port Digital Transformation International Conference, an international exhibition related to domestic shipbuilding, marine equipment, ICT, and SW, to introduce its port digital twin and smart factory solutions.LG Uplus participated in the invitation of Ulsan Port Corporation, the co-host of the event, and showed its B2B solution and technology.The 2022 Shipbuilding, Shipping, and Port Digital Transformation International Conference is hosted by Ulsan Metropolitan City and co-hosted by three organizations: Ulsan Port Authority, Ulsan Information Industry Promotion Agency, and Korea Shipbuilding & Marine Plant Association.Through this booth operation, LG U+ will display products and technologies in four fields, including smart ports, smart factories, environmental and safety solutions, and corporate networks.First, in the case of port digital twin, which creates a three-dimensional virtual world by reproducing the actual appearance of the port as it is, it will produce a video of Busan New Port, which has recently been completed, and introduce a simulation that controls operating equipment and vehicles in real time.The smart factory solution field consists of "motor diagnosis" that allows visitors to check the replacement timing of facilities in the ▲ plant ▲ "production line abnormality detection" that detects abnormal situations occurring in the manufacturing process by learning normal production lines, allowing visitors to look at and compare solutions needed at each plant at a glance.Various B2B solutions owned by LG U+, including intelligent CCTVs that support workers' safety or smart safety equipment (smart helmets, safety rings, seat belts, and safety beacons) that can prevent serious disasters at construction sites, will also be on display.Kwon Geun-seop, head of LG Uplus' smart factory business, said, "I feel great pride and responsibility to introduce LG Uplus' smart port and smart factory solutions at this conference, where excellent technologies are gathered," adding, "We will continue to develop Ulsan Port through a solid cooperative network with Ulsan Port Corporation."jinyong leeebskincafe@hanmail.netView More ArticleCopyright © SmartTimes. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Loss Ratio Likely to StabilizeThe author is an analyst of Shinhan Investment Corp. She can be reached at heeyeon.lim@shinhan.com. -- Ed.Structural reform of indemnity/auto insurance to lead to reasonable premium adjustment in 2020The Financial Services Commission (FSC) has included the structural reform of medical indemnity and auto insurance in its 2020 business plan. The product structure of indemnity insurance is expected to be revamped by introducing a differential premium system and revising the scope of coverage and portion of deductibles. For auto insurance, the FSC seeks to increase deductibles for drunk driving accidents and surcharges for high repair cost vehicles and improve the bodily injury liability and insurance payments.It remains to be seen whether the reform will actually lead to a decline in the loss ratio. However, amid difficulties in increasing premium rates, it will be effective in preventing excessive insurance payments and raising premiums selectively. These measures will help improve products responsible for the recent rise in the loss ratio.COVID-19 spread to help improve key operating indicesThere is an increasing awareness of personal hygiene in the wake of the COVID-19 outbreak. With people avoiding outdoor activities, we expect to see a decline in the number of accidents and hospital visits, thus resulting in a reduction of insurance claims. The heavy portion of new business acquisitions through GA (general agents) should also shrink on lower preference for face-to-face interaction. In all, loss ratio and expense ratio should stabilize going forward.Non-life in favor over life insurers; top picks are Hyundai M&F, and DB InsuranceKey operating indices are likely to improve thanks to the FSC’s reform measures and COVID-19 fears, helping to raise expectations for the improvement of nonlife fundamentals. Valuations of non-life insurers under our coverage are undemanding, trading at historical lows with the combined 1-year forward PBR down to 0.54x. We thus favor non-life insurers over life insurers.We recommend Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance and DB Insurance as our top picks in view of their relatively high earnings sensitivity to the structural reform and the COVID-19 outbreak. Our second top pick is Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance as the only non-life insurer expected to see ordinary profit growth this year.Lim Hee-yeoncontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Enhanced Ability to Intercept Ballistic MissilesThe King Sejong Aegis destroyer built by Hyundai Heavy IndustriesHyundai Heavy Industries held a ceremony to initiate construction of a next-generation Aegis destroyer at its headquarters in Ulsan on Feb. 16 with the attendance of officials from the Defense Acquisition Program Administration and the Defense Agency for Technology and Quality.The ship is the first of the three next-generation Aegis destroyers to be introduced by the South Korean Navy. Hyundai Heavy Industries won the Aegis destroyer project from the Defense Acquisition Program Administration in October 2019.The next-generation Aegis destroyer is 170 meters long and 21 meters wide and weighs 8,100 tons. It can sail at up to 30 knots (55 kilometers per hour).Compared to the existing King Sejong-class Aegis ship, the new Aegis destroyer boasts an enhanced ability to intercept ballistic missiles and carry out anti-submarine operations.It will also be loaded with 5-inch guns, guided missiles, vertical launch missiles, torpedoes, multi-function spy radar, infrared detection and tracking equipment, and electronic optical tracking equipment. It will also feature a fuel-saving auxiliary propulsion system consisting of two 1.7MW motors.Hyundai Heavy Industries will start construction work in October 2021, launch the ship in the second half of 2022 and deliver it to the Navy in November 2024.Hyundai Heavy Industries has successfully built the first-generation Aegis destroyers King Sejong and Ryu Sung-ryong, which were delivered to the Navy in 2008 and 2012, respectively.Jung Min-heecontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




The first (19 days from August 23 to September 10) and the second (October) of the 'National Safety Team Diagnosis' promoted by the Incheon Maritime Police Station (Chief Hak-seon Paik) to protect the lives and property of the people From the 4th to the 15th of October, it will be distributed for 12 days) and it will be conducted for guide ships operating at sea level.This national safety inspection will be conducted on 50 piloted and piloted vessels operating at sea level in the jurisdiction and 13 docks based on detailed criteria for selection of inspection targets.A joint inspection team was formed with the participation of related organizations such as the Korea Maritime Transportation Safety Authority (KOMSA) and private experts to conduct a sound diagnosis through on-site inspections such as improvement of facility, equipment safety, and legal system status, and ensure safety that the public can trust. Through the real-name inspection system, we plan to strengthen the effectiveness of inspection by disclosing inspection results.An official from the Incheon Maritime Police Station said, “Through this national safety inspection, we plan to focus on prevention of marine safety accidents by providing emergency response training (fire fighting training, use of lifesaving equipment, etc.) and establishing a self-inspection system for operators.” As it is a matter directly related to the safety of the public, we ask for the active cooperation of business operators.” Meanwhile, during the national safety inspection period, we plan to thoroughly follow the quarantine guidelines and preventive activity rules in daily life to prevent the spread of COVID-19, and carry out safety inspections in preparation for the fall and Chuseok holidays.






The government is taking steps to bolster maritime safety as the search for those missing in the Sewol accident continued for the 22nd day.The Cabinet on Wednesday approved a bill calling for the introduction of maritime safety inspectors, as part of the government’s plans to focus maritime safety-related measures on preventing accidents.Under the plans, the Maritime Safety Act will be revised to allow the appointment of safety inspectors. In addition, the revision will allow government support to be provided to marine transport industry officials who make significant contributions to reducing maritime accidents. People put out yellow paper boats symbolizing their hopes for the safe return of Sewol’s passengers outside City Hall in Seoul on Wednesday. (EPA-Yonhap)The revised act will also make it mandatory for government organizations and local governments to submit safety reports to the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries when conducting projects that require safety assessments.In the search for the missing, the rescue workers spurred on efforts to complete their sweep of the ship, capitalizing on the neap tide, when tidal differences decrease and currents slow.The Sewol, which sank off the coast of Jindo Island, South Jeolla Province on April 16, was carrying 476 passengers and crew. As of 6 p.m., the death toll stood at 269 and 33 remained missing.By Saturday, when the neap tide ends, divers plan to complete the sweep through some of the 64 cabins already searched and search 47 compartments that have been left unsearched. Areas that will be searched for the first time include the ship’s shop, toilets and other common areas.Along with the search inside the sunken vessel, the authorities widened the search for bodies to nearby waters. So far, 41 bodies have been recovered outside the Sewol, with some being discovered as far as 2.4 kilometers from the ship.The body recovered 4 kilometers from the ship on May 2 has since been revealed to have been lost as a diver was bringing it to surface.The government team tasked with preventing the loss of bodies requested fishermen to comb more than 2,000 hectares of aquaculture grounds in the region. Fishermen have also been tasked with checking the coasts of some 183 small islands in the region for bodies. According to reports, 129 have been searched and the rest will be checked within the next two to three days.







 






US Navy Orders Operational Pause After Latest Collision

The U.S. Navy has ordered a worldwide "operational pause" of its fleet after a destroyer collided with an oil tanker Monday near Singapore, leaving 10 sailors missing.

The collision involving the USS John S McCain was the fourth crash involving a Navy ship this year and the second in two months.

Admiral John Richardson said he ordered the operational pause in view of a "trend" that demands more forceful action.

After a crash last month, also involving a U.S. destroyer, the commanding officer and several others were dismissed.




Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha, MTI Co., Ltd., and Japan Engine Corporation have seen progress in their joint research to improve safety and optimize maintenance for marine engines.The three companies began their research in December 2016 with the aim to pursue further safety and economic efficiency by taking advantage of operational big data resulting from collaborative work among engine manufacturers and users.Since the start of the project, NYK, MTI, and the engine maker J-ENG have shared, monitored, and analyzed operational big data from SIMS2, a second generation ship information management system developed by NYK and MTI and allowing data-sharing among workplaces on land and sea in real time, including detailed hourly updates on shipping operations, data related to fuel consumption, and machinery condition.During the project, some problems that may have resulted in serious engine damage have been discovered at an early stage, thus confirming that this joint research could contribute to safer operations. In the next stage, the companies will develop a more advanced accident prevention system by combining J-ENG’s expertise, which includes developing, manufacturing, and after-sales service, with the NYK Group’s efforts to identify potential problems and prevent breakdowns in advance.In addition, by incorporating J-ENG‘s technical expertise into the NYK Group’s condition diagnosis, which uses big data to examine the condition of the inside of a combustion chamber, the quality of maintenance will be improved and its frequency will be optimized as a shift is made from conventional time-based maintenance to condition-based maintenance.The NYK Group collaborates with shipbuilding companies, equipment manufacturers, universities, and research institutes to make use of big data in innovative solutions that further enhance the safety of vessels. J-ENG offers analyses of ship data to help customers to operate and prevent accidents in advance, and then feeds back user-derived data for its own design and development of UE engines to improve reliability and performance. The three companies will continue their efforts for improved safety and economic transport by taking advantage of operational big data and each company’s expertise.






Shipbuilders rest at a shipyard.The shipbuilding industry, grappling with chronic labor shortages, is seeing signs of stabilization in its operations as the government has deployed over 14,000 personnel this year. However, concerns about technology leakage and employment uncertainty are rising, as 86% of these new recruits are foreign workers.According to industry sources on Nov. 12, the Big 3 of domestic shipbuilding - HD Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering, Hanwha Ocean, and Samsung Heavy Industries - are breathing easier thanks to the government’s infusion of labor.The government has announced that it has injected a total of 14,359 workers into the domestic shipbuilding industry by the third and fourth quarters of this year. This number includes local workers, skilled workers (E-7), and unskilled workers (E-9), surpassing the forecasted shortage of 14,000 workers by the end of the year. Specifically, 2,020 local workers, 6,966 skilled workers, and 5,373 unskilled workers have been replenished at the sites.However, there is concern that without continuous replenishment, it will be challenging to handle the increasing workload. An industry insider commented, “As orders continue, construction volumes are expected to increase next year, requiring about 20% more workforce than currently.”According to the Korea Offshore & Shipbuilding Association, the domestic shipbuilding industry will need an additional 135,000 workers by 2027 to maintain competitiveness. This figure is about 43,000 more than the approximately 90,000 workers employed in the industry last year.Shipbuilders are thus focusing on enhancing the skills of foreign workers and facilitating their settlement. The industry estimates that it takes a minimum of 1-3 years for foreign workers to reach the average skill level of domestic workers. In response, the Big 3 shipbuilders are partnering with local governments to operate technical training centers, offering training in welding, smart ship technology, and painting.An industry representative added, “In addition to recruiting foreign workers, it’s crucial to create an environment for their quick settlement. We are supporting this through interpreter placement, offering global convenience food, and producing safety manuals in foreign languages.”To ensure continual replenishment, there are calls to move away from subcontractor-focused employment structures and improve job stability. A representative of the Korean Metal Worker’s Union said, “Currently, 80% of the processes are carried out by in-house subcontractors, volume teams, and migrant workers. The entire production relies on subcontracting, re-subcontracting, and migrant labor.” They continued, “For the Korean shipbuilding industry to maintain its competitiveness, it is essential to steadily develop skilled workers. However, there are concerns about declining productivity and quality as a result.”Jasmine Choipr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Rep. Yoon Gun-young said, "Elegant youths of Baedal Minjok rider rank first in industrial accidents again last year." Woowa young people in charge of logistics of "Baedal Minjok" recorded the disgrace of being the No. 1 industrial accident company in all industries in 2023 following 2022. According to the data submitted by Democratic Party lawmaker Yoon Gun-young from the Korea Labor Welfare Corporation under the Ministry of Employment and Labor on the 4th, the number of industrial accidents applied from January to August this year was 19,811. 16,924 cases were recognized as industrial accident benefits, with an average of 70 cases per day. Among them, 107 cases of survivor benefits approved when a business operator dies while working were approved for 8 months, which means that worker deaths occurred about once every two days. A total of 1,319 applications for industrial accident benefits and survivor benefits were filed by workers belonging to Woowa Youth, which had the most industrial accident applications. Of these, 1,278 cases were recognized as industrial accidents. Woowa Youth, along with Hyundai Motor's Dongbu Service Center, ranked first with seven applications for survivor benefits during the same period. In particular, all seven of the seven cases were applications for survivor benefits due to accidents. This shows that riders who mainly use motorcycles to deliver have a high risk of accidents. Woowa Youth topped the list of industrial accident approvals (1,837 cases) for all companies in 2022. The number of industrial accident approvals among elegant young people is increasing rapidly every year to 31 in 2018, 163 in 2019, 376 in 2020, and 941 in 2021.Meanwhile, Coupang Eats, a platform company similar to elegant young people, approved 181 industrial accidents (19th) this year. Coupang affiliates such as Coupang Eats were listed in the top 50 by four companies (Coupang Fulfillment Service Daegu Center, Coupang Co., Ltd., Coupang Logistics Service Limited, and Coupang Eats Service Limited). The number of industrial accident approvals by Coupang-related companies was 1,087 for 8 months, and the approval of survivors' benefits was one. In terms of the number of industrial accident applications, it was followed by elegant young people, followed by Hyundai Heavy Industries (general 756, bereaved 7), Korea Coal Corporation Dogye Mining Office (general 693, bereaved 4), Hyundai Motor Dongbu Service Center (general 537 and bereaved 7), Daewoo Engineering & Construction (general 492, bereaved 3), Kia Motors' Hwaseong plant (general 429, bereaved 3), Coupang Corporation (general 360, bereaved 2), and Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (general 346, bereaved 2). When analyzing the top 50 companies for application and approval for industrial accidents by industry, industrial accidents were overwhelmingly large in the construction industry. In terms of the construction industry alone, Daewoo E&C (general 467, bereaved 2), Hanwha (general 304, bereaved 0), Hyundai E&C (general 285, bereaved 2), GS E&C (general 270, bereaved 1), and Samsung C&T (general 200, bereaved 1). In response, Rep. Yoon Gun-young said, "Elegant young people have become the number one company in frequent industrial accidents following last year." "The company promised to supplement the system to ensure safety, but the figures have not changed at all," he criticized. Lawmaker Yoon continued, "In particular, if we look at the death statistics of platform companies higher than the construction industry, it is questionable whether the issue should be left to the private sector's autonomous will anymore," and pointed out, "The government, including the Ministry of Employment and Labor, should come up with measures to strengthen closer safety management." 




SEOUL, Jan. 16 (Yonhap) -- President Yoon Suk Yeol vowed Tuesday to punish North Korea multiple times as hard in the event it carries out a provocation against South Korea, after North Korean leader Kim Jong-un called for defining South Korea as a "primary foe and invariable principal enemy."

Kim issued the call during a parliamentary meeting Monday, saying the country should revise its constitution to codify the new definition of South Korea and the North's commitment to "completely occupying" South Korean territory in the event of war.


President Yoon Suk Yeol (3rd from L) leads a Cabinet meeting at the presidential office in Seoul on Jan. 16, 2024. (Pool photo) (Yonhap)


"The current Republic of Korea government is different from any previous government," Yoon said during a Cabinet meeting, referring to South Korea by its formal name. "Our military has an overwhelming response capability. ... Should North Korea provoke us, we will punish them multiple times as hard."

Tensions between the two Koreas run high as Pyongyang has fired artillery near the western sea border in recent weeks and launched an intermediate-range missile on Sunday in its first ballistic test of the year.

Referring to the North Korean statement, Yoon said Kim vowed not to recognize the Northern Limit Line (NLL), the de facto inter-Korean maritime border, carrying out a "political provocation" meant to divide South Korea and make its people anxious.

"The conventional disguised peace tactic that threatens with a choice between war and peace will not work anymore," he said, in an apparent reference to the pro-reconciliation policy of his liberal predecessor, Moon Jae-in. "The fake peace that we earn by bowing to threats of provocation will only plunge our security into greater danger."

The South Korean military reaffirmed its commitment to defending the NLL -- the scene of a series of bloody naval clashes between the two Koreas. North Korea has never recognized the NLL, demanding that it be redrawn farther south.

"The NLL is a de facto maritime border, which our soldiers defended at the cost of numerous sacrifices. Our military remains firm on defending and upholding the NLL under any circumstances," defense ministry spokesperson Jeon Ha-kyu said in a regular press briefing.

At the Cabinet meeting, Yoon called on the nation and government to come together as one to "defeat" the deceptive tactics and propaganda of the North Korean regime.

He also said North Korea's recent definition of South-North relations as those between "hostile" nations amounted to an acknowledgement of the regime's nature as an "anti-national and anti-historical group."

Still, Yoon called for embracing the North Korean people.

"The North Korean people are one people with us, with the same rights as us to enjoy freedom, human rights and prosperity," he said.

Yoon instructed the unification ministry to designate a day for North Korean defectors, noting they are South Korean citizens under the country's Constitution.

He also called on the National Assembly to pass a bill to delay the enforcement of a workplace safety law for small companies with fewer than 50 employees.

The law punishes business owners or CEOs for deadly accidents caused by lax workplace safety measures with a prison term of at least one year or up to 1 billion won (US$751,000) in fines.

The measure went into force in January 2022 for firms with 50 or more employees and is scheduled to be extended to smaller companies on Jan. 27.

"The importance of workers' safety cannot be stressed enough. But punishment isn't everything," Yoon said. "Our small businesses are already suffering under high interest rates and high prices, and if this burden threatens the survival of small and medium-sized firms, the damage will be passed on directly to our workers and ordinary citizens."

Yoon also recalled that his heart ached upon learning that an unregistered community center for senior citizens was running on three coal briquettes and instructed the health and interior ministries, as well as local governments, to carry out a full-scale survey of such facilities and draw up effective support measures.

In a video message later in the day, Yoon praised the swift response of the South Korean Marine Corps when North Korea fired approximately 200 artillery shells into waters near the maritime border earlier this month.

"I am truly confident and proud of you all, who carried out duties without any single hesitation during the shelling provocations by North Korea on Jan. 5," Yoon expressed in his message at a Marine Corps event in Seoul.

In response to the North's artillery firings, South Korean Marine Corps units on the border islands of Baengnyeong and Yeonpyeong fired some 400 rounds into the maritime buffer zone, double the amount fired by the North.




NORWAY ACCIDENTS FRIGATE TANKER COLLISION. Norwegian frigate KNM Helge Ingstad following collision with tanker.A view of the Norwegian frigate KNM Helge Ingstad partly under water in the sea near Bergen, western Norway, 20 November 2018. Rescue operation will start soon as large crane ships are on the way to help, media reported. The frigate capsized after colliding with the tank ship Sola TS on 08 November 2018.








SEOUL -- South Korea's southern province will develop renewable energy-based passenger ship technology. Unlike ordinary vessels, green vessels do not emit greenhouse gases. To reduce greenhouse gases from vessels by 30 percent by 2025, the International Maritime Organization, United Nations' maritime safety agency, has adopted compulsory energy-efficiency measures.South Jeolla Province said in a statement on April 12 that the province was selected by the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries to develop renewable energy-based passenger ship technology. Solar and wind power-based ships will be standardized. A total of 26 billion won ($21 million) will be invested by 2026.Since 2020, the southern province has been focusing on the development of electric propulsion ships with the state-funded Korea Research Institute of Ships and Ocean Engineering (KRISO), private companies and other research institutes. In March 2022, a 420-ton electric propulsion passenger ship capable of transporting cars and cargo together was showcased in the southwestern port city of Mokpo. The vessel can carry about 20 vehicles and 120 passengers.Various South Korean shipbuilders are also developing green technologies for ships. In December 2021, domestic shipbuilder Vinssen demonstrated South Korea's first hydrogen-electric boat that can operate for about 6 hours at 18.5 kilometers (11.5 miles) per hour only with a 40-minute charge of a fuel cell module weighing about 18 pounds. The company is currently building hydrogen fuel cell infrastructure in Singapore by teaming up with the Singaporean office of Bureau Veritas Marine, an agency specializing in inspecting marine safety. 




Pohang TP collaborates with the National Fisheries Quality Management Service to ensure radiation safety of seafood. Pohang Techno Park (President Bae Young-ho, hereinafter referred to as Pohang TP) announced on the 15th that it signed a business agreement with the Pohang Branch of the National Fisheries Quality Management Institute at the headquarters building on the 13th to establish an organic cooperation system related to environmental radioactivity monitoring. Pohang TP Advanced Bio Convergence Center was recognized as a 'KOLAS certified testing agency' in the field of radioactivity on August 3, and through this, it conducts radiation safety tests for marine products and issues certified test reports. In addition, in order to ensure the radioactivity safety of seawater and marine products in Gyeongbuk Province, we are carrying out the ‘East Coast Radioactivity Monitoring Service Project’ with support from Gyeongsangbuk-do Province, and are building and utilizing a pre-treatment system for issue nuclides such as tritium. In signing this agreement, Pohang TP and the Pohang Branch of the National Fisheries Quality Management Institute plan to actively cooperate in exchange of human resources and technical information related to environmental radioactivity measurement, promotion of joint projects and promotions, and mutual organic response in case of emergency issues. Pohang TP Director Bae Young-ho said, “In the future, in addition to the Pohang support of the National Fishery Products Quality Management Institute, we will establish a cooperative system with local governments and public institutions related to marine products to make great efforts and support to ensure the radiological safety and quality assurance of local products such as local marine environment and marine products. “He said.






South Korea wants to seize Swiss cruise ship. By Ko Dong-hwan. In the aftermath of the last week's sinking of a sightseeing boat on the Danube River at Budapest that killed Korean passengers with several missing, the Korean foreign affairs ministry has reportedly asked the Hungarian government to seize the large cruise vessel involved in the collision.An official told Korean media outlets Monday that the ministry had ordered the South Korean Embassy in Hungary to "renegotiate" with the European nation's government for provisional seizure of the Viking Sigyn that hit the sightseeing boat Hableany from behind.The measure means the Korean ministry wants to keep the ship until the two countries finish investigating the accident and start discussing compensating Korea for the victims ― seven killed, 19 missing as of Monday and seven rescued. Two Hungarian crew are also missing.The Korean government says a Hungarian judge has issued an arrest warrant on a charge of negligence of duty for the Viking Sigyn's captain, identified as Yuriy. C., whose ship crashed into the rear of a smaller boat on the Danube River on the evening of May 29. The Hungarian government also allowed the Viking Sigyn to continue its cruise, saying all evidence from the ship had been collected.Korean Foreign Affairs Minister Kang Kyung-wha, who returned to Seoul from Budapest where she oversaw rescue operations, pledged Monday to strengthen cooperation not only with Hungary but also its neighboring nations, like Serbia and Romania, to help find the missing Koreans.Viking Sigyn, registered in Switzerland and measuring 135 meters long, was headed toward the German city of Passau west of Budapest as of Monday, according to online locater Vessel Finder. The ship's operator, Viking Cruises AG, is based in Basel and its overseas office is in Budapest.




The Central Regional Coast Guard announced that it held a two-day meeting on the 25th and 26th for 17 ‘marine pollution response volunteer leaders’ who voluntarily participate in the response when a large-scale marine pollution accident occurs.According to the Central Coast Guard, the Marine Pollution Control Volunteers was formed in response to the need for a systematic volunteer support system following large-scale marine pollution accidents such as the 2007 spill of the crude oil carrier Hebei Spirit in Taean, South Chungcheong Province.Volunteers are comprised of maritime-related organizations, companies, institutions, and individuals in the central West Sea area under the jurisdiction of the Central Regional Coast Guard, and a total of 349 people are active.At this meeting, 17 marine pollution volunteer leaders working in Incheon Metropolitan City, Gyeonggi-do, and Chungcheongnam-do attended the meeting and conducted training on coastal pest control and use of pest control materials, education on safety rules for pest control work, and discussions on ways to strengthen volunteer pest control response capabilities.An official from the Central Coast Regional Coast Guard said, “When a large-scale marine pollution accident occurs, the quick response of volunteers close to the scene is the most important to resolve the accident.” He added, “The Central Coast Police Agency provides support to strengthen the capabilities of marine pollution response volunteers.” “I will do my best,” he pledged.




 






International experts point out with one voice the dangers and problems of dumping contaminated water from Fukushima.Dr. Arjun Makhijani “The Multi-Nuclide Removal System (ALPS) will not work properly until 2018”On May 10, the Democratic Party Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant Polluted Water Marine Dumping Countermeasures Committee, the Justice Party Fukushima Polluted Water Dumping Countermeasure Task Force, the Progressive Party, and the Japan Radioactive Water Marine Dumping Prevention Action, Fukushima polluted water marine dumping is approaching right before our eyes. International experts were invited to discuss the problems of dumping and the resulting damage, and an international forum was held.Arjun Makhijani, an advisory member of the PIF Scientist Panel, who initiated the first presentation, argued that the safety of contaminated water could not be confirmed with poor information provided by the Japanese government.He said, “The Japanese government says it will conduct tests on only 9 of the 64 radionuclides managed through ALPS (Multi-Nuclide Removal System), but the number of samples taken is also very insufficient. A 30L sample is taken only once per storage tank group, but only about 20% of the stored tanks are sampled. It is not possible to prove the safety of contaminated water with a small sample of contaminated water.”Dr. Arjun Makhijani said, “If we conduct tests with reduced radioactive materials, we need to monitor nuclides with short half-lives and prepare for the case of re-criticality. This is a very dangerous situation,” he stressed the seriousness of the problem.
He continued, “There is also a combination in the measurement of contaminated water. Generally, the ratio of strontium to cesium-137 is 1:1. In the contaminated water storage tank, the fluctuation of the ratio is large. However, this can cause a very serious problem, and this variability degrades the performance of ALPS. Sludge settled in the contaminated water storage tank is also a big problem. It is not known what effect particulates contained in sludge will have when polluted water is discharged. "Sludge can cause ALPS to fail and eventually clean up may not work properly," he pointed out.No matter how small the damage from contaminated water is, there are no expected benefits for countries other than Japan.Dr. Arjun Makhijani pointed out insufficient ecosystem impact assessment as the biggest reason not to discharge contaminated water into the ocean. He pointed out that it is not related to the ecosystem of the Pacific region,” and argued that “research on the biological enrichment of other radionuclides, including strontium, is also necessary.”Commissioner Sean Bunny "Tritium can cause more genetic damage""The Japanese government intentionally focuses only on tritium and emphasizes that the radiation effect is small and there is little damage," said Greenpeace Commissioner Son Bunny. “In particular, the energy emitted by tritium is weak, so it is clear that there is no need to worry. However, this can be applied in case of external exposure, and if tritium is ingested through skin, breathing, or contaminated food, it has a stronger radioactive effect than other radionuclides through internal exposure.”Citing Professor Musso's findings, Commissioner Sean Bunny argued that he analyzed more than 700,000 documents on radiation damage and that they spoke of genetic damage from tritium, even though the results of tritium damage studies were very small. Tritium has been clearly shown to cause cancer in experiments with small animals and mammals. However, there was no effect on people at all. It also points out that bioconcentration has not been studied. Commissioner Sean Bunny emphasized that “tritium is not safe.”In addition, he pointed out that there were deficiencies in the radiation impact assessment of TEPCO, such as the lack of a comprehensive evaluation of various items. “The discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima will end only after the remains of nuclear fuel are completely shielded or treated,” he said. “It is estimated that millions of tons of contaminated water will be released indefinitely. The Japanese government plans to decommission it by 2050, but there is no prospect that the decommissioning will be completed within this century. The discharge of contaminated water will continue,” he criticized.Lastly, it concluded that the discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima is a violation of international law, so neighboring countries should file a complaint with the Japanese government that it is a violation of the United Nations Maritime Law.Hideyuki Ban, CEO of Nuclear Information and Data Center, who gave the third presentation, said that the impact of the Fukushima accident was very wide, deep, and serious, but he would only talk about the Fukushima contaminated water issue.Representative Hideyuki Ban “The Japanese government set the government policy on ocean dumping from the beginning”“Find an alternative (long-term storage, concreteization) that minimizes contact with people”Representative Ban Hideyuki said that the reason why the Japanese government is increasing contaminated water is that contaminated water is being created as groundwater in the area flows into the nuclear power plant facility where the accident occurred. In addition, the inflow of rainwater is also a reason for the increase in polluted water. In addition, the continuous use of cooling water to cool the heat of the nuclear power plant facility where the accident occurred was also suggested as a cause of the increase in contaminated water. Representative Ban Hideyuki pointed out that “the Japanese government is not recognizing it.” Criticism is that the Japanese government is ignoring the causes that could place responsibility on the Japanese government for the increase in contaminated water.He pointed out that the Japanese government had only marine discharge in mind from the beginning in the process of reviewing the treatment plan for the contaminated water. Currently, he criticized, “Japanese fisheries organizations, agricultural organizations, forestry organizations, etc. oppose the discharge of contaminated water, and there are voices of international opposition, but the Japanese government is trying to force the discharge into the sea.”“The Japanese government says it will complete the decommissioning of the Fukushima nuclear power plant by 2050, but until then, the number of contaminated water will inevitably continue to rise. However, it is highly likely that the decommissioning will not go as planned. That means that the discharge of contaminated water will continue for a longer period of time, not just 30 years. Because of this, the concentration of polluted water in the ocean will gradually increase. In addition, a long-term release follows, but the Japanese government does not disclose the total amount of radioactive material emitted. The Japanese government’s evaluation of the radiation impact following marine emissions is also a lump of flaws.”The Japanese government conducted a radiation impact assessment assuming that the problem of radiation impact assessment is a virtual box in the sea, and that when contaminated water is dumped, the contamination of the entire box spreads homogeneously at the same time. However, in reality, radioactive materials act differently depending on various factors such as ocean currents, seasonal effects, weather, and seabed topography.Representative Ban Hideyuki pointed out that the Japanese government must be lying that radioactively contaminated water is safe even if it is dumped into the sea.And he was concerned about the radioactivity of tritium alienation, especially for nuclides such as Uranium 238, Plutonium 239, and Americium 241. In the case of uranium, it has a half-life of 4.5 billion years, which means that it continues to divide and emit radiation for an unimaginable amount of time. Of course, it will cause serious environmental pollution. The Japanese government is ignoring this issue. He pointed out that this is the reason why the discharge of contaminated water into the ocean must be prevented, and argued that alternatives such as long-term storage of contaminated water should be found.In a Q&A, Commissioner Sean Bunny said that he fully agreed with the analogy that tritium is wrong because it is much less discharged from Korean nuclear power plants than from Japanese contaminated water. Tritium emission from nuclear power plants is a representative problem and damage of nuclear power plants, but 'even so, it cannot be a basis to justify Japan's intentional discharge of contaminated water into the sea' There is a huge difference in the amount of contaminated water,' he pointed out.During the discussion, Dr. Arjun Makhijani expressed his view that the release of contaminated water would violate the IAEA's GSG-8 guidelines. In response to the question of how to implement the justification and optimization requirements of the GSG-8 guidelines, Dr. Arjun Makhijani said, 'Even though the GSG-8 guidelines specify the duty not to cause trans-border pollution, the IAEA does not allow trans-border pollution. He pointed out that it is not properly analyzed in terms of cost-benefit and justification requirements unique to Japan, rather than an objective review.'‘The biggest problem is that the IAEA does not review any impact on countries other than Japan (Marshall Islands, Fiji, Korea, etc.), and countries other than Japan do not benefit from release at all,’ he pointed out.Regarding ALPS performance, Dr. Arjun Makhijani said that there was a record and TEPCO's acknowledgment that the ALPS system did not work properly until 2018. A panel of experts at the Pacific Islands Forum discussed, "concluding that ALPS treatment has not been sufficiently validated," raising questions such as the impact of sludge and whether the discharge of contaminated water meets even domestic safety regulations in Japan that has not been studied.Yang Won-young, a member of the Democratic Party of Korea who hosted the debate, said, “Only what has been confirmed, the contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant exceeds the standard value except for 34% even after going through the ALPS purification process.” We have clearly identified the problem of dumping at sea, and we will continue to contribute to the prevention of dumping at sea of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant through international solidarity.”








The Incheon Coast Guard announced that it would carry out a theme inspection on the legal handling of pollutants for fishing boats and maritime construction vessels to prevent marine pollution accidents by August 18.According to the Incheon Coast Guard, this inspection will be intensively conducted from the 17th to a week-long pre-promotion period for fishing boats and maritime construction tugboats with a high probability of accidents in preparation for summer typhoon attacks and an increase in marine leisure and tourists.The main inspection items are ▲ whether pollutants such as bilge wastewater and waste oil are discharged illegally ▲ whether domestic wastes are treated and whether legal records are kept and managed ▲ whether the sulfur content of ship fuel is appropriate.Along with this, the Incheon Coast Guard asks ship owners and crew members to thoroughly manage their ships in preparation for typhoon attacks, and conducts preventive activities such as marine pollution accident prevention consulting to reduce careless accidents and reinforcing mooring colors in preparation for bad weather such as storms.
Han Jae-cheol, head of the Incheon Coast Guard Marine Pollution Control Division, said, “This inspection is aimed at reducing marine pollution accidents that occur from fishing boats and offshore construction vessels during the typhoon invasion. We will prevent illegal discharge of pollutants in advance to create a clean marine environment. ”he said.In addition, the Incheon Coast Guard announced on the 18th that it conducted water play safety education for elementary school students ahead of the summer vacation season.According to the Incheon Coast Guard, four police officers from the Incheon Coast Guard Sky Sea Police Box participated in the training held at the auditorium of Yeongjong Elementary School in Jung-gu, Incheon on the 12th.They taught 1,360 elementary school students how to properly wear life jackets and safety rules for tidal flat activities, and also introduced various activities such as the job of a maritime police officer and lifesaving cases.





Hwasun-gun, 647.5 billion won budget for next year... Increase of 5.5% compared to the previous year. Focusing on military, resident welfare, and social safety net... Social welfare sector, an increase of 10.8 billion from the previous year (Hwasun = Break News) Reporter Hak-su Lee = Hwasun-gun, Jeollanam-do prepared a budget for next year worth 645.7 billion won and submitted it to the Hwasun County Council. The budget for next year has increased by 33.4 billion won compared to this year's budget.
In order to prepare for the post-COVID-19 outbreak, to secure a regional development engine, and to increase the potential, the military budget was focused on improving the living SOC and social safety net and improving the welfare of residents. In the social welfare sector, 46.3 billion won in basic pension, 14.1 billion won in job projects for the elderly, 2.9 billion won in support for national and public daycare centers, 2.6 billion won in child allowance, 5 billion won in benefits for the disabled, 4 billion won in childcare fees, and 3 billion won in youth training center construction. The social welfare budget was 144.4 billion won, an increase of 10.8 billion won from the previous year. In the industry, small and medium-sized businesses, and energy sector, Immune cell therapy industrialization technology platform construction project KRW 5.5 billion, immunotherapy platform construction business KRW 3 billion, biopharmaceutical second industrial complex construction KRW 3 billion, Hwasun Love gift certificate issuance and operation KRW 4.6 billion, new and renewable energy convergence 25.3 billion won, including 2 billion won for support projects, 1.2 billion won for Hwasun-gun city gas supply business, 2.5 billion won for public work projects, and 500 million won for interest support for small businesses. In the field of general public administration and education, 58.7 billion won, an increase of 18 billion from the previous year, was organized, including 400 million won in the resident participatory budget, 167 million won to promote resident autonomy, 570 million won for lifelong learning, and 5.9 billion won for education support. In the fields of transportation, logistics, national land and regional development, 6.6 billion won for local river maintenance projects, 4 billion won for comprehensive maintenance projects for flood and flood life zones, 2.1 billion won for rural agreement projects, 5.2 billion won for natural disaster risk improvement district maintenance, and support for operation of a single bus fare system (1,000 won bus) 66.8 billion won, including 1.1 billion won and 600 million won for traffic safety facility maintenance. In the agriculture, forestry, marine and fishery sector, 107.8 billion won was organized, including projects such as 14.1 billion won in direct payments from public interest, 10.8 billion won in benefits for farmers and fishermen, 1 billion won in crop accident insurance premiums, 900 million won in support for eco-friendly agricultural products for school meals, and 360 million won in agricultural settlement support for young farmers. billion increased.In the tourism and culture sector, 1.4 billion won for the Hwasun Red Cliff Bus Tour, 300 million won for the maintenance of the World Heritage Hwasun Dolmen Site Prehistoric Experience Center, and 18.3 billion won for cultural and artistic performances were organized.The budget for next year was increased by 33.4 billion won compared to this year, and the general account was organized at 587.2 billion won, an increase of 8.1%. Considering that the government's direct support for the bio and vaccine sector alone was 28.9 billion won, it actually increased by more than 62 billion won. Next year's budget will be reviewed by the Hwasun County Council from the 8th of next month and will be deliberated at the plenary session on the 21st.




Maritime collision sank 150-ton patrol ship near Jeju

Posted : 2010-11-11 17:04
Updated : 2010-11-11 17:04


A South Korean patrol ship collided with a 270-ton fishing boat Wednesday night in waters northwest of Jeju Island, a Navy spokesman said Thursday.

Among the 30 sailors on board the 150-ton patrol ship Chamsuri, two are still missing and one died at a hospital after being rescued.

Among the remaining 28 sailors, five were injured during the naval incident and remain hospitalized

No casualties were reported among those who were on board the fishing boat.

After the collision, the Navy’s patrol ship sunk in the waters.

According to the Navy, the Chamsuri was on a routine patrol mission in waters about 5.4 miles northwest of the island before the accident took place.

The Navy sent several patrol ships, as well as helicopters to the scene to conduct the search efforts.

A source from the Navy said high seas had made it difficult for rescuers to continue searching for the two missing sailors as the ship sunk.

The fishing boat reportedly had minor damage, compared to the patrol ship.

Coast Guard staff are questioning the captain of the 48-year old fishing boat whose name was identified only by his surname Kim as well as the other sailors to investigate the cause of the collision.




The World’s First of Its KindHyundai Heavy Industries have obtained design approval for its lashing-free container ship from the American Bureau of Shipping (ABS) and the Liberian Flag Administration. Officials from HHI, ABS and the Liberian Flag Administration pose for a photo at the company's main office in Ulsan on Nov. 1.Hyundai Heavy Industries has developed the world’s first new-concept container ship that can stably hold and carry containers.The company announced on Nov. 1 that it has obtained design approval for a lashing-free container ship from the American Bureau of Shipping (ABS) and the Liberian Flag Administration.A container ship closes the hatch cover, which is a cargo hold cover, after loading containers inside a cargo and loads containers again on it in order to load as many containers as possible. For this, it is necessary to fix the containers loaded on the hatch cover to a steel structure called a “lashing bridge,” which acts as a support. This work is called lashing.Hyundai Heavy Industries removed the lashing bridge and hatch cover by using a new-concept device called a portable bench (product name: SkyBenchV2) that receives the load of the containers on the deck and transfers it to the hull. The company has instead extended the cell guide, which enables a vertical stacking of containers, to the deck. The containers on top of the deck are fixed by the extended cell guide, eliminating the need for lashing.By applying the portable bench, lashing, which takes a lot of time and money, can be omitted, so the convenience, efficiency, and safety of container unloading work is expected to be greatly improved.Hyundai Heavy Industries has completed domestic and foreign patent applications for the lashing-free container ship and portable bench.Jung Min-heepr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Muan-gun and Gimsan-gun hold working-level meeting on discharge of contaminated water from Japan Military, 12 response teams from 5 departments, focusing on 8 strategies... Intensive discussion on resolving residents' anxiety by ensuring the safety of marine products and measures to prevent damage to fishermen (Muan = Break News) Reporter Haksu Lee = On the 31st of last month, Muan-gun, South Jeolla Province, held a countermeasures meeting with relevant departments chaired by the mayor of Kimsan-gun to relieve anxiety among residents and prevent damage to fishermen as Japan began discharging contaminated water from Fukushima into the ocean. At the meeting that day, Muan County Mayor Kim San said, “Residents feel very anxious about the impact of the discharge of contaminated water on our food, and there are concerns that the discharge of contaminated water will lead to a decline in consumption of local specialties such as octopus and seaweed.” He requested that administrative power be focused on alleviating anxiety and minimizing damage to local fishermen. Accordingly, the military will regularly conduct radioactivity tests on seafood distributed irregularly and disclose the results on the county website, etc., and will also expand radioactivity tests on seafood supplied for school meals. In addition, related departments will jointly strengthen enforcement and promotion of country of origin labeling for marine products. The Octopus Festival and YD Festival, which are scheduled to be held before the holiday and in the second half of the year, will also hold events to promote consumption of seafood and promote the safety of seafood. Regarding fishermen, support for the interest difference from fishery policy funds will be expanded to fishermen and English-language corporations who are having difficulties due to the decline in consumption of fishery products. Governor Kim San said, “Going forward, we will strive to minimize damage by relieving residents’ anxiety by strengthening the safety management of marine products and strengthening support for related fishermen and small business owners.”




Major conglomerates are strengthening safety measures at their workplaces following the Sewol disaster.Samsung Electronics has recently posted a safety manual on its intranet to explain to employees in detail what they should do if an accident occurs.The world's largest smartphone maker upgraded its accident prevention system after it was severely criticized for a toxic gas leak at a semiconductor line last year, which killed one subcontract worker and injured four others.Hyundai Motor Group runs an education program for all executives and employees to prevent possible accidents at manufacturing facilities."As we believe safety at workplace is a precondition for manufacturing a quality vehicle, we have strengthened our system to enhance safety," a Hyundai Motor official said. "Along with regular safety checks, we also conduct education programs for employees."In March, Kia Motors held a ceremony at the automaker's production training center in Soha-dong, Gyeonggi Province, to promote "safety management" and make its workplaces free from accidents.The automaker said it will invest an additional 23 billion won this year to enhance the firm's safety systems.GM Korea and Renault Samsung Motor are also upgrading their manual for emergencies, especially at their manufacturing facilities.LG Electronics has upgraded its environment safety management system, which is applied to all workplaces at home and abroad.The company inspects offices and manufacturing facilities every year and evaluates the level of their preparation for emergencies.Oil refinery and chemical companies are more alert, as they are prone to accidents at their plants.GS Caltex, which was blamed for a massive oil leak off the southern coast in February, has established a new system to prevent a similar accident from happening again.A massive amount of oil spilled into the waters off the southwestern port city of Yeosu, South Jeolla Province, after an oil tanker collided with three floating bridges supporting pipelines connected to a pier.Since April 21, the Korea Gas Safety Corp. has conducted special safety checks on public and private facilities.Marine and air transportation companies have also tightened their rules on safety, as they witness the consequences of poor safety measures.Hyundai Merchant Marine conducts regular checks on its ships and holds education programs for crews every month, following the guidelines of the International Maritime Organization.Hanjin Shipping also has regular emergency drills for possible accidents such as fires, explosions and sinking.The nation's two largest air carriers ― Korean Air and Asiana Airlines ― also said they have delivered a message to employees in order to stress the importance of safety measures.




Japan’s highly controversial release of radioactive water from the ruined Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant into the Pacific Ocean began on Thursday as planned, according to the plant’s operator.Video broadcast by the operator, the Tokyo Electric Power Company (Tepco), showed the discharge started just after 1 p.m.Speaking at a government press conference held in response to the release, Korean Prime Minister Han Duck-soo urged Tokyo to be “transparent and responsible over the next thirty years” in its sharing of information regarding the water being discharged from the Fukushima plant, referring to the expected amount of time needed to safely remove all of the water currently stored at the Fukushima plant.“The important task now is that Japan thoroughly abides by the scientific standards it promised before the international community and transparently shares information,” Han said, adding that the Korean government will seek Japan’s cooperation to “secure safety measures grounded in science and international law that our people can understand.”The prime minister acknowledged that it would have been better “if no contaminated water was released in the first place,” but emphasized that experts around the world “share the common opinion that the Korean people have no reason to excessively worry” about the water discharge.Korean Prime Minister Han Duck-soo speaks at a press conference regarding the release of radioactive water from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant that began on Thursday. [YONHAP]Japan has argued that the release of treated radioactive water is safe, a finding that has been backed by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), which issued a report in July saying the impact of the water’s release on people and the environment would be “negligible.”However, the release of radioactive water, which was generated in the process of cooling reactor fuel at the plant after it suffered a meltdown during the 2011 earthquake and tsunami that struck northeastern Japan, has aroused significant opposition in Korea, particularly among politicians in the Democratic Party (DP).Seoul’s official position is that the discharge would pose “no scientific or technical problems,” but that it neither approves nor disapproves of the water release.The radioactive water release, which began at 1 p.m. Thursday, is scheduled to last 17 days and is the first of four separate discharges planned for this year.Approximately 460 tons of radioactive water will be released daily into the Pacific Ocean via an undersea tunnel that extends 1 kilometer (0.6 miles) from the Fukushima plant, with a total of 7,800 tons of water to be discharged during the first release.The radioactive water used to cool the plant’s nuclear core has been stored in tanks after undergoing an advanced liquid processing system that removes most radioactive materials except for tritium, which cannot be eliminated by current technology.But the tanks are nearing capacity, with the Fukushima plant currently storing over 1.3 million tons of radioactive water in 1,000 tanks — enough to fill 500 Olympic-sized swimming pools.The water released on Thursday represents 2.3 percent of the current amount of water in storage.Japanese officials say the water must be released as part of the plant’s decommissioning process, which is expected to take decades to complete.As part of the discharge, the tritium-laden water is diluted with seawater so that it contains less than 1,500 becquerels of tritium per liter, or one-fortieth the amount that is considered safe by Japanese standards. A becquerel is a unit of radioactivity.According to the results of Tepco tests released on Thursday, the water contains about up to 63 becquerels of tritium per liter.The World Health Organization considers water with less than 10,000 becquerels per liter to be safe for human consumption.Tokyo has pledged to provide hourly updates about the level of radioactivity in the water being released, as well as to halt the discharge if it exceeds safety levels.In response to Seoul’s concerns about the safety of the water release, the IAEA has granted Korean experts permission to regularly visit its office in Fukushima to receive the latest updates on the radioactive water discharge.The Korean government has also conducted regular checks of radioactivity levels at 200 sites within its waters since July and promised to continue monitoring to ensure the safety of seafood.But despite these assurances, the DP and other Korean civic groups have labeled the water release as an “environmental catastrophe,” with party leader Lee Jae-myung calling the discharge an “act of terror” reminiscent of Japan’s imperialistic past in the Pacific War.The DP has led domestic opposition in Korea to Japan's water release plan, arguing that it could pose great health risks to the Korean people and harm the domestic fishing industry. It has also seized upon the issue to criticize the Yoon Suk Yeol administration for not actively opposing the water release.The Yoon administration’s cautious approach to the Japanese plan follows an assessment by Korean nuclear experts that the release of radioactive water from Fukushima would not affect the health of the public or Korea’s marine ecosystem.In a statement in June, the Korean Nuclear Society said that the amount of tritium scheduled for release, estimated at 0.062 grams per year, “is minimal compared to the 200 grams of tritium that are produced naturally every year and 3 grams of tritium that fall into the East Sea as rain.”Seoul’s ambiguous stance regarding the Fukushima discharge has contrasted with that of Washington, which has expressed stronger support for Tokyo’s plan.In a phone interview with Japan’s Kyodo News Agency, U.S. Ambassador to Japan Rahm Emanuel said he will visit Fukushima Prefecture on Aug. 31 and meet with local fishermen, residents and officials to “physically show support and then to express confidence in the process that Japan has methodically pursued.”The U.S. ambassador also plans to eat local seafood to show support for Japan’s water release plan, according to an embassy official.Last week, U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Washington is “satisfied with Japan’s plans, which are safe and in accordance with international standards, including, critically, the IAEA nuclear safety standards,” adding that Japan “has coordinated closely, proactively with the IAEA on its plans, and they’ve conducted a science-based and transparent process.”








 






Vietnamese sailor injured in boat collision

A Vietnamese sailor has been injured when a five-ton fishing boat collided with a 115-ton cleaning vessel off Yeosu on Sunday night, the Jeonnam Yeosu Coast Guard said Monday.

The collision happened when the bigger boat was heading to the dock and the smaller one was on its way to sea.

The crews of four rescue boats pulled the sailors from the water. A Vietnamese sailor, 40, was taken to hospital with facial injuries.

The coast guard is checking whether the sailors were drunk





GERMANY CARGO SHIPS COLLISION
Russian vessel Tyumen-2' is heavily damaged after colliding with another transport ship in heavy fog on the Kiel Canal near Fischerhuette, Germany, 14 April 2011. Two seamen died and several others were injured in the collision, authorities said.




POSCO Accounts for 10% of Global MarketLee Kye-man (left), a senior researcher of the Performance Research Group at the Steel Solution Research Institute shouts a safety slogan with Kim Kyung-min, the chief manager of the STS Rolling Department at Sodunsanse Factory of Pohang Works.From Jan. 1, 2020, less than one month from now, vessels around the world will be subject to IMO 2020, a new environmental regulation that lowers the limit for sulfur content of ship fuel oil from 3.5 percent to 0.5 percent.Shipping companies have three options to lower sulfur content in vessel fuel. They can either use low-sulfur crude oil or replace their vessels with LNG-fueled ships. The third method is to equip ships with scrubbers, a desulfurization device.POSCO’s steel mill in Pohang, North Gyeongsang Province, is operating a production line for S31254 steel, a high-alloy stainless steel used for producing scrubbers for ships. Pohang Works is the only producer of high-alloy stainless steel for scrubbers in Korea. The Steel Solution Research Institute in Incheon developed the product and Pohang Works has been producing 6,000 tons of it annually since March.Pohang Works set up a task force team consisting of about 50 employees to prepare for mass-production of S31254 steel, one of the most powerful and expensive high-alloy stainless steel products. It took six months to mass-produce the product. S31254 steel is sent to scrubber manufacturers after undergoing eight to nine processes.Pohang Works supplies S31254 steel to five domestic customers including Hyundai Heavy Industries. It accounts for 20 percent to 30 percent of the domestic market. Its share of the global market is in the 10 percent range.Michael Herhcontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Hyundai Glovis on Thursday said the blueprint for the liquefied hydrogen carrier that it developed with Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering (KSOE) and Hyundai Mipo Dockyard has received an approval in principle (AIP) from the Korean Register of Shipping and Liberia, the flag state of the vessel.Korean Register and Liberia gave the approval to the blueprint for the 20,000-square-meter (215,278-square-foot) commercial liquefied hydrogen carrier that the global logistics and distribution company and the local shipbuilders developed.Stakeholders from the participating organizations attended the ceremony for the AIP, which took place in Jongno District, central Seoul, on Thursday.Hyundai Glovis said it is the first blueprint for a liquefied hydrogen carrier in the world to receive the approval. It is also the first case where a national flag carrier developed a hydrogen carrier in partnership with shipbuilders. KSOE developed the liquefied hydrogen cargo management system and the system for hydrogen gas. Hyundai Mipo Dockyard carried out the fundamental stages of construction.In order to transport hydrogen on a mass scale, the liquefaction process is essential for reducing the volume and enhancing its safety. Liquefied hydrogen is one eight-hundredth the size of hydrogen gas and is therefore compact and cost-effective.AIP signals the confirmation of the blueprint’s safety and efficacy, and it is the foundation of the shipbuilding process. The blueprint will likely serve as the technical standard during the construction of the carrier.Before announcing its participation, Hyundai Glovis in September signed a memorandum of understanding with Tonsberg, Norway’s Wilh. Wilhelmsen Holding to expand its eco-friendly energy business.In May, Hyundai Glovis commenced joint construction with the shipbuilders. The project is expected to use Hyundai Heavy Industries’ shipbuilding technology and Hyundai Glovis’ traffic data. It is also working with G-Marine Service on safety.







Japan started discharging contaminated water from the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant into the Pacific on Thursday. Tokyo Electric Power Company (Tepco) released the wastewater treated by the Advanced Liquid Processing System (ALPS) into the ocean after diluting it with seawater. Tepco said it will discharge 460 tons of the treated water each day by raising the level of dilution for a while. The company plans to release 31,200 tons of the wastewater — or 2.3 percent of the entire volume — by March next year.The Japanese government plans to regularly check the level of tritium in the waters off the nuclear plants and announce the results once a week. Staffers of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) will make public the data from its monitoring and assessing of the discharge process real time from day one. As the primary responsibility for any possible problems with the release certainly falls on the Japanese government, it must transparently disclose related data and minimize possible dangers so as not to betray the trust of the international community.The discharge poses challenges to our government. The Yoon Suk Yeol administration must do its best to ease public concerns and reduce harm to our fishermen. Our radiation experts will regularly visit the IAEA office at Fukushima and swiftly share information with it if some problems are found during the discharge, and jointly deal with it. Prime Minister Han Duck-soo on Tuesday vowed to immediately request a suspension of the release if Japan does not follow the original plan — and file an international suit against Tokyo if it does not keep its promise.A majority of scientists believe that the discharge will have a minimal impact on the marine ecosystem as long as Japan abides by the original plan. But scientific explanation alone can hardly dispel deepening public anxiety — as clearly suggested by the drastic decline already in the consumption of seafood in Korea — stemming from wild rumors and speculations.The government must not make light of a grim situation where our fishermen and others involved in related businesses suffer massive damage even before the discharge. Some sea farmers working in waters off the coast of South Gyeongsang and South Jeolla have already went bankrupt or taken on massive debts due to a sharp reduction in consumption.Our government must come up with effective ways to minimize domestic harm and alleviate deepening public anxiousness by drastically increasing safety inspections on seafood. It must increase the number of 208 checkpoints at sea and clearly publicize the results each day. It must not ignore the growing public jitters in spite of the need to improve our relations with Japan.





epaselect NORWAY ACCIDENTS FRIGATE TANKER COLLISION
Norwegian frigate KNM Helge Ingstad at risk of sinking following collision with tanker

epaselect epa07150332 A view of the Norwegian frigate KNM Helge Ingstad taking on water after a collision with the tanker Sola TS, in a fjord near Oygarden, Norway, 08 November 2018. The frigate, which nearly capsized in the accident, is taking on water and is in danger of sinking, media reported. The cause of the collision, in which seven people were lightly injured, was not immediately clear, media added. The KNM Helge Ingstad was returning back to Haakonsvern naval base, near Bergen, after participating in the NATO-led exercise Trident Juncture 2018 (TRJE18).




Smart Ship Solutions Provider eMARINE Global Receives Award SME 2018 in Korea. eMARINE Global, a provider of information and communications technology for the maritime industr, announced on June 15 that has been named 2018 Korea Small & Medium Enterprises of The Year by the Seoul Economic Network.“Winning this award further demonstrates our leadership position in both the maritime ICT field and the overall Korean market,” said Dr. Ung Gyu Kim, Chairman and CEO of eMARINE Global. “As the primary Smart Ship solutions provider in the world’s largest shipbuilding market, we are ideally positioned for the long-term multi-billion-dollar opportunity for autonomous ship development.” eMARINE Global was recommended to receive this year’s award by the Korea Venture Business Association, a non-profit established in 1995 to support the startup industry in Korea.The Seoul Economic Network emphasized eMARINE Global’s consistent leadership in maritime ICT and its innovative technology which has been internationally recognized by maritime authorities, including the International Hydrographic Organization and the International Maritime Organization. Other notable factors driving the award include the Company’s advanced Smart Ship solutions, such as its Optimal Voyage System, Collision Avoidance System, and Remote Maintenance System, which are core components of eMARINE Global’s long-term autonomous ship initiatives, as well as the trust the Company has built with the Korean government and related authorities, demonstrated by multiple government grants and government funded R&D projects.




3 Dead, 3 Missing In Fishing Boat Collision Off South Jeolla Province. Three sailors have died and three others are missing after a fishing boat collided with a foreign reefer ship before capsizing off the country's southwestern coast. According to the Coast Guard, the accident occurred just after 12:30 a.m., when the 15-ton 2007 Yeongheung carrying six men on board, hit a 498-ton Tanzanian cargo ship in waters some 10 kilometers northwest of Shinan, South Jeolla Province. One sailor was found dead shortly after the accident. Rescue divers later found two other crewmen inside the sunken ship. Their identities remain unknown. Patrol ships and aircraft have been dispatched as part of search and rescue operations. Officials are also talking to sailors on the Tanzanian ship as they look into the exact cause of the accident.




A public opinion poll conducted by Rep. Jeong Cheong-rae of the Democratic Party of Korea (Mapo-eul, Seoul, National Assembly Trade, Energy, Small and Medium Venture Business Committee) commissioned 'Opinion Survey Flower' on Monday, October 9, 23, targeting 1,003 men and women over the age of 18 across the country. Results (sampling error ±3.1% points, 95% confidence level) 82.1% of citizens responded that a government-level response to Japan's move to establish a nuclear waste disposal site in Tsushima Island was necessary. The response that there was no need for government-level response was 14.5%.70.2% of respondents were against Japan's push to establish a nuclear waste disposal site on Tsushima Island, while 23.6% were in favor.Currently, despite opposition from the mayor of Tsushima, the Tsushima City Council has decided to host a high-level radioactive waste disposal site and is pushing ahead again with the recommendation of a resident ordinance. The shortest distance from Tsushima to Busan is only 49.3km.72.9% must completely ban imports of Japanese seafood!In response to the Japan Trade Promotion Agency's announcement that it will begin to develop export markets for marine products and processed marine products to Korea in response to China's total ban on imports of Japanese marine products, 72.9% of respondents said that Korea should also completely ban imports of Japanese marine products. , 25.1% were opposed. Regarding the expansion of imports of Japanese seafood, 72.5% of respondents were against it, and 23.4% were in favor.Half of the people think they don't have to pay TV license fees if they don't want to.Regarding the separate collection of KBS license fees, half of the respondents responded that they do not think they need to pay the license fee. When asked, ‘Do you think you no longer have to pay the license fee if you do not want to pay it?’, 48.4% said yes and 51.6% said no. According to Article 64 of the Broadcasting Act, anyone who owns a television set must pay the KBS license fee.In addition, 80.3% of respondents answered that the construction of a high-level radioactive waste disposal site is necessary (11.6% said it is not necessary), but 56.4% were opposed to the establishment of a high-level radioactive waste disposal plant near their residence if benefits such as tax reductions and tuition support are provided. (38.1% in favor). 53.3% were against the nuclear power plant expansion policy of the Yoon Seok-yeol government, which expands nuclear power plants without a high-level radioactive waste disposal site, and 39.6% were in favor.Radioactive waste refers to waste generated in the process of operating a nuclear power plant and producing nuclear energy, nuclear fission products, leaks such as cooling water, and tools, cloth, paper, washing water, etc. used in experiments or work.Since reprocessing or recycling of high-level radioactive materials is not possible in Korea according to the Nuclear Proliferation Treaty, expansion of the nuclear industry is possible only by building a high-level radioactive waste disposal site.Cheong-rae Jeong: “The government must listen carefully to the voices of the people during the policy-making process.”Representative Chung Cheong-rae said, “Diplomacy must protect national interests, and policies must represent the voices of the people. The results of this opinion poll show that the diplomacy and policy decisions of the Yoon Seok-yeol government do not reflect the will of the people at all.” “We hope for diplomacy that puts national interests first, diplomacy that protects the safety of the people, and alternative energy policies. Diplomacy and policies that go against the will of the people must be reexamined by listening to the voices of the people,” he emphasized.







 






The complaint against Major Gen. Lim Seong-geun, the commander of the 1st Division of the Marine Corps., will be filed with the Corruption Investigation Office for High-ranking Officials later in the day on charges of professional negligence resulting in death and abuse of authority, the mother said in a press conference. Her son is a survivor of a deadly operation the Marine division conducted to search for missing flood victims in Yecheon County, 161 kilometers southeast of Seoul, on July 19 following heavy downpours in the region. Cpl. Chae Su-geun was swept away by a torrent during the search and found dead about a half-day later. The complainant's son was also swallowed up by the torrent alongside Chae but was later rescued alive. The surviving Marine has since been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and hospitalized for treatment. "The time is far past for division commander Lim to apologize to my son," the mother said. "A military that cannot trust its commander won't be able to properly protect the country." Her lawyer accused Lim of violating the Marine's right to health. Chae's death sparked criticism that his commanders pushed for the risky operation without taking enough safety measures.




The first local government in the country to conduct a test run for about an hour in the waters of Gamak Bay on the 23rd... Ensure safety of seafood, relieve anxiety and prevent consumption decline...reporter goYongbae For the first time as a local government in the country, Yeosu City has decided to actively respond to the discharge of contaminated water from Japanese nuclear power plants by establishing a ‘real-time seawater radioactivity measurement system.’According to Yeosu City on the 23rd, on this day, Mayor Jeong Ki-myeong and the city conducted a test run of the ‘real-time seawater radioactivity measurement system’ installed on Jeonnam 202, a fishery guidance vessel operated by the city.Accordingly, thorough seawater radioactivity monitoring was conducted by sailing in the Gamak Bay area for about an hour, and the measurement results confirmed once again that it was a safe and clean sea area.Prior to the test operation, Yeosu City spent approximately 100 million won to install a ‘real-time seawater radioactivity measurement system’ on the fishery guidance line since August to reduce consumption of seafood and relieve citizen anxiety due to the discharge of contaminated water from Japan.In particular, the ‘Real-time Seawater Radioactivity Measurement System’, an equipment researched and developed by the Korea Atomic Energy Research Institute, is a groundbreaking method that can measure radioactivity in real time using engine cooling water by installing a detector in the engine room of a ship.This enables preemptive radioactivity monitoring from the ocean, which is likely to be contaminated with radioactivity, which is different from the existing system of collecting seawater and transferring it to a land analysis laboratory for measurement.In addition, Yeosu City plans to check radionuclides and concentrations in seawater on-site in real time, immediately transmit them to the situation room on land through wireless communication, and post the results on major electronic displays and the city's website.An official from Yeosu City said, “We will do our best to minimize damage to fishermen and relieve citizens’ anxiety by ensuring the safety of marine products through independent seawater radiation monitoring.”








Korea will develop a next-generation marine navigation system by 2018 to help with the United Nation's effort to enhance safety and security of commercial shipping on the high seas, the government said Wednesday.The Ministry of Ocean and Fisheries said the government is seeking to take the lead in so-called e-Navigation, a concept developed under the auspices of the UN's International Maritime Organization (IMO) to increase safety and security in commercial shipping.The IMO, which decided to introduce e-Navigation in 2006 to reduce maritime accidents caused by human error, is pushing to revise international treaties.The ministry plans to invest 210 billion won ($198.9 million) between 2015 and 2020 to develop a Korean-style next-generation ocean navigation system."We have world-class expertise in shipbuilding, and marine shipping and information and communications technology that are considered essential to develop e-Navigation," said Lim Hyun-churl, the assistant minister for maritime affairs and safety policy bureau at the ministry. "And we'll make the best out of this chance to lead the global market and create jobs."The ministry said it will focus on introducing standardized marine navigation devices for international freight carriers. It also said it will provide an integrated system in organizing data on ships and on shore for sailors to acquire voyage information and avoid possible accidents. It added the ships will be able to communicate with ports more effectively through the satellite system.Besides international shippers, the ministry said its e-Navigation will provide a customized service for Korean coastal waters."Our customized service will be beneficial for fishing boats and freighters that operate near the shallow coast," Hwang Eui-seon, director of the maritime industry and technology division at the ministry said."These ships are usually not equipped with satellite receivers, and so will be able to communicate with ports by using wireless telephone network systems. We anticipate we'll be able to sell our customized service to Southeast Asian countries."According to the ministry, the e-Navigation market is expected to reach 1.200 quadrillion won over 10 years once the system is introduced in 2018.The ministry said that it aims to capture 20 percent of the market by using its shipbuilding, and marine shipping and information and communications technology.The IMO decided to develop e-Navigation in 2006 following requests from the United Kingdom, the United States, Norway, the Netherlands, Japan, Singapore and The Marshall Islands to introduce appropriate measures to reduce maritime accidents.Of the IMO members, the United States, and Europe currently lead in the development of e-Navigation, according to the ministry.The IMO governs the regulatory framework for ocean freight shipping. It attributes 89 percent of maritime accidents to sailors' inexperience in operating complicated navigation tools and difficulty in getting the necessary voyage information on time.








Six Chinese Missing After Ship Collision

Six Chinese fishermen are missing and two were rescued following a collision between their fishing vessel and a Korean bulk carrier in international waters Monday morning.

According to the Jeju Coast Guard, the fishing boat, Lujiao Yu, capsized after colliding with an 16,000-ton bulk ship, Panbless, owned by Pumyang Shipping, 175 kilometers southwest of Mara Island, south of Jeju Island.

The Korean vessel was so huge that sailors aboard were unaware of the collision with the small boat, according to the coast guard. They later noticed the overturned boat, and rescued two crewmembers who were clinging to the vessel. Another six members, however, are missing.

The Chinese boat was from Qingdao, and the Korean carrier was heading to Vietnam from Russia. The coast guard dispatched two patrol ships for rescue operation.

The cause of the collision is being investigated.




SEOUL, Jan. 18 (Yonhap) -- The anti-corruption investigation office has raided the office of Marine Corps Commandant Lt. Gen. Kim Kye-hwan over an alleged influence-peddling case related to the death of a young Marine last year, multiple sources said Thursday.The Corruption Investigation Office for High-ranking Officials (CIO) searched Kim's office at the Marine Corps headquarters in Hwaseong, some 40 kilometers south of Seoul, Wednesday to seize documents and files related to the case, according to the sources familiar with the matter.In October, Col. Park Jung-hun, the Marines' former top investigator, was indicted on charges of insubordination and defamation of his superior after he handed over the probe findings regarding the death of Cpl. Chae Su-geun to the civilian police despite Defense Minister Lee Jong-sup's orders to the Marine Corps' top commander to hold it off for more legal deliberations. Marine Corps Commandant Lt. Gen. Kim Kye-hwan delivers a speech during an event held in Daejeon National Cemetery in Daejeon, 164 kilometers south of Seoul, on Nov. 23, 2023. (Yonhap) Park spearheaded the preliminary probe into what contributed to Chae's death in July 2023 while on a mission to search for victims of downpours, which sparked criticism that his commanders pushed for the risky operation without proper safety measures. His initial investigation found the commander of the 1st Marine Division and other senior officials were responsible for negligent homicide and other charges, and reported it Lee on July 30.Lee initially approved the probe result, then reversed his decision a day after citing a need for further review, but Park transferred the records to the police anyway and came under investigation on the charge of disobeying orders.Park was also accused of defaming the minister after the former Marine investigator told media he felt pressure to remove the division commander from a list of people found responsible for the death.Earlier this week, the CIO conducted searches at the residence and office of Yoo Jae-eun, the defense ministry's general counsel, and at the office of Park Jin-hee, a former aide to ex-minister Lee, to look into their involvement in the case.Park's first trial was held in early December, and the second trial is scheduled for Feb. 1, with the Marines commandant expected to testify as a witness.





GERMANY SHIP COLLISION

The bridge of a the wreck of the Russian timber freighter 'Tyumen-2' lies on a pontoon after being salvaged from the Kiel Canal and a policeman inspects it in Albersdorf, Germany, 16 Aprils 2011. During the collision with a cargo ship in Kiel Canal, two people were killed, including a pilot, and two were seriously injured.




In the last 5 years (2016-January 2021), marine accidents and deaths/ As a result of analyzing the ‘Status of Missing Persons’, the number of marine accidents increased every year from 2,307 in 2016 to 3,156 last year, and 15,430 cases were investigated over the past five years.In particular, as the water leisure population has rapidly increased, the number of marine accidents involving non-ship boats such as water leisure equipment has increased from 661 cases in 2016 to 1,056 cases last year, an increase of 60%, and the increase rate of marine accidents on fishing vessels during the same period was 28% (2016 1,646 cases, 2,100 cases in 2020).By marine accident type, engine damage was the most common in 4,730 cases (30.75%), followed by winding up of floating objects in 1,795 cases (11.6%), collisions in 1,376 cases (8.9%), safety accidents in 992 cases (6.4%), and stranding in 849 cases (5.5%). ), flight obstruction 825 cases (5.3%), and fire explosion 684 cases (4.4%).In particular, it was confirmed that the number of windings of floating objects is increasing every year from 278 cases in 2018 to 346 cases in 2019, 358 cases in 2020, and 223 cases as of August 2021.In this regard, Rep. Kim Seon-kyo said, “It is very regrettable that marine accidents increase every year, and the number of deaths and disappearances as a result continues.” We must strengthen our efforts to prevent valuable human and material damage.”








 






To Remotely Manage Cargo Hold of LNG CarriersDaewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering has developed a system that displays the work conditions of the cargo containment systems (CCS) of LNG carriers.Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (DSME) has developed a system that can remotely control the temperature and humidity in the cargo hold of a liquefied natural gas (LNG) carrier, the company announced on May 9.The shipbuilder has applied the cargo hold environmental monitoring and remote control system to actual LNG carriers.The system detects the temperature, humidity, and dew points in the cargo hold  using internet of things (IoT) sensors and provides the information to PCs and mobile devices in real time through communication equipment.A cargo hold, which is considered the core of an LNG carrier, is sensitive to temperature and humidity as it is made of invar, a nickel–iron alloy.Through this system, operators can check the cargo hold data in real time and remotely adjust the temperature and humidity.In the past, field workers visited ships on quay walls of shipyards and checked the temperature and humidity by hand. However, it was difficult to check measured values ​​in real time so workers had to directly go inside and outside a ship, triggering concerns about safety.DSME had conducted several tests until 2021, and laid the foundation for applying this system to all LNG carriers to be built at shipyards. The shipbuilder plans to develop unmanned and fully automatic control using AI in the future.Jung Min-heepr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




GERMANY SHIP ACCIDENT
Ship collision with two cargo ships near the German island of Helgoland

A handout photo made available by the DGzRS shows rescue ships at an accident scene of a ship collision near the island of Helgoland, Germany, 24 October 2023. According to the Central Command for Maritime Emergencies, the ship collision occurred in the German Bight early 24 October. About 22 kilometers southwest of Helgoland and 31 kilometers northeast of the island of Langeoog, the cargo ships POLESIE and VERITY collided. The freighter VERITY with seven people on board sank, four are still missing. One sailor could only be rescued dead. Two other seamen were rescued and taken to hospital. The cause of the accident is still unknown.




An investigative team was launched Wednesday to probe last month's Marine chopper crash that killed five troops. As many experts claim that the crash was not accidental, rather foreseeable, the Marine Corps should come up with special measures. The MUH-1 Marineon, the Marine variant of the KUH-1 Surion helicopter, crashed at a military airport on July 17, killing five of six Marine aboard. "It takes a lot of time and money to develop a helicopter that fits for Marine Corps. But in order to save time and money, Marineon was developed as a Marine variant of the KUH-1 Surion helicopter," said a former Korean military helicopter pilot and aircraft expert, speaking on condition of anonymity. "Considering this, the accident was foreseeable.""In order to research and develop a military helicopter, various kinds of flight stability tests must be carried out. It seems that the development was carried out without properly verifying five or six parts that were remodeled and installed, such as folding rotors," the expert pointed out. "The fact that the marine built Marineon as a variant concept to cover up a lack of experience in developing and modifying helicopters contributed to the accident," another aircraft expert said. "The Marine's demand of high quality weapon system at low price has placed safety burden on operators," a reserve officer in the force improvement division said. "Advanced countries place a high priority on the safety and human lives in the development of weapon system, so they put more money in this part than others. But our military tried to build a weapon system with similar capabilities at lower cost, which resulted in poor products." "For example, the United States executes various tests, such as developmental testing (DT) and Operational Testing (OT), on four to five low-rate initial production (LRIP) prototypes for a couple of years before making a mass-produce contract for mass production. But South Korea doesn't have the LRIP concept as far a s I know," a military official said. The crashed Marineon was one of the four units initially produced. "A company with lack of experience and technology combined technologies of European companies to develop Surion, a model for Marineon. It normally takes nearly 20 years to develop helicopters, but it took only seven years for them to create Surion," another official from aviation industry said. "That's why Surion had lots of technical defects from the beginning."Taking expert opinions together, the Marineon accident was not accidental, but it was caused by a combination of unreasonable request of performance and lack of technologies, time, and testing.Experts say that a safe and qualified weapon system created based on sufficient money and time should be supplied to the military in order to avoid such problems.








Namdong-gu announced on the 13th that the Sorae Port Festival, a representative marine festival in the metropolitan area, will take the leap forward to becoming a cultural and tourism festival designated by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism, based on its successful hosting this year. According to Namdong-gu, the district is applying for the Soraepogu Festival to be selected as the ‘2024-2025 Culture and Tourism Festival Designated by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism’ scheduled for February next year. The Culture and Tourism Festival is a system that the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism designates and supports through a preliminary stage among festivals based on local culture in order to enhance the qualitative growth and self-reliance of local festivals, and the Soraepogu Festival was previously selected as a preliminary Culture and Tourism Festival for 2020-2021. It has been done. Initially, the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism planned to designate it as a cultural and tourism festival through evaluation within the designated period, but considering that many festivals were canceled due to COVID-19, it was decided to proceed with the evaluation through this year's evaluation. Once designated as a cultural and tourism festival, it will receive various government support to strengthen the festival's capabilities, including government funding, use of the cultural and tourism festival name, and domestic and international promotional and marketing support. Namdong-gu plans to secure the festival's self-sustainability through designation as a cultural tourism festival and to grow into a representative domestic festival enjoyed by 26 million people in the metropolitan area, both in name and reality. The Sorae Port Festival was first held in 2001 to promote the excellence of marine products in Sorae Port, a representative tourist destination in the metropolitan area, and has continued to grow thanks to the positive response from tourists and local residents. This year’s festival, which celebrated its 23rd anniversary, focused on qualitative growth and highlighting the identity of ‘Sorae’ along with the launch of the Namdong Cultural Foundation. In addition, it is evaluated that it has actively taken steps to relieve public anxiety amid various negative factors, such as concerns about contaminated water from Japan's nuclear power plants, and has contributed to revitalizing citizens' consumption of seafood. ‘Turn concerns into opportunities’ to promote seafood safety. This year's Sorae Port Festival was held amid controversy over the discharge of contaminated water from a Japanese nuclear power plant, but the success of the festival dispelled some concerns and played a role in publicizing the safety of Korean marine products. Namdong-gu conducted special tests on 15 cases of 12 types of marine products sold in the Sorae Port area over a period of three weeks ahead of the Sorae Port Festival, and all received results showing no detection of radioactivity. In addition, Namdong-gu posted ‘radiation safety management information’ on the district website and the ‘seafood safety traffic light’ installed at the entrance to Soraepo-gu traditional fish market to relieve residents’ anxiety. During the festival, events such as a seafood food contest and fish porridge tasting using special products from Sorae Port were held to promote the excellence of local seafood. Through this, it relieved residents' anxiety and at the same time proved once again the safety of our marine products, contributing to promoting consumption of marine products, which had been somewhat discouraged. Proactive response to controversy over price gouging. Namdong-gu has also taken active action to address the controversy over some illegal businesses at the Sorae Port Fish Market and the issue of exorbitant prices at local festivals. Approximately 500 meters used in the fish market in the Sorae Port area were regularly inspected for damage and zero point adjustment status, and worked together to eradicate illegal trading through several meetings with the merchant association. The merchant association also made efforts to restore trust, including internal education and extending the period of business suspension when illegal business was detected. In addition, Namdong-gu participated in the ‘Good Price Campaign’ promoted by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism and the Korea Tourism Organization, and set and operated most food prices at the festival venue under 10,000 won. In line with the campaign, information on the food sold at the festival was disclosed in advance, and tourists visiting the festival were able to enjoy a variety of foods without burden, receiving a great response. Qualitative growth of festival content. This year's Sorae Port Festival showed clear qualitative growth with the newly launched Namdong Cultural Foundation taking charge of planning and operation. In particular, various programs emphasizing the identity of ‘Soraebada’, experiential events for family visitors, and exciting stages were harmoniously combined. In addition, it focused on the people who lead a life in Sorae Port, recalled past memories such as narrow-gauge trains and salt farms and turned them into content, and differentiated attractions with a drone show and a fish lantern scenery street. The Sorae Port Festival has greater growth potential due to the designation of the Sorae Wetland Ecological Park as a national urban park and the completion of the Sorae Port National Fishing Port Project in 2026. It is evaluated that it goes beyond the local festival and contributes to the revitalization of the local economy as a tourism festival for citizens of the metropolitan area, while also meeting the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism's policy goal of ‘regional development through culture’.




Ministry of National Defense Spokesperson Choi Hyun-soo on Jan. 4 says in Seoul that the ministry posted a video on its YouTube channel showing the low-altitude flight of a Japanese patrol airplane around a Korean naval destroyer. (Yonhap News)By Park Hye-ri and Yoon SojungVideo = Ministry of National Defense. The Ministry of National Defense on Jan. 4 refuted Japan’s claim that a Korean warship used a firing radar to target a Japanese patrol airplane via a video posted on the ministry’s YouTube channel.Lasting four minutes and 26 seconds under the title “The Korean Ministry of National Defense’s position on the low-altitude flight of the Japanese patrol plane and Japan’s false radar claim,” the video said the Korean destroyer Gwanggaeto the Great did not operate its firing radar (STIR) to target the plane.“Japan should apologize for interfering with a humanitarian rescue conducted by the Korean warship and immediately stop distorting the truth,” the ministry said in the video.The video began with a statement from ministry spokesperson Choi Hyun-soo, who expressed “deep regret and concern” over Japan’s unilateral release of video footage related to the issue a day after both sides held a working-level video conference to remove misunderstanding.The video then showed a scene of the warship on Dec. 20 rescuing a North Korean fishing boat drifting in the East Sea around 3 p.m. The ministry said, “The Japanese plane approached the rescue operation area by 500 meters and then descended to 150 meters altitude, and this posed a threat to the warship’s crew as it made so much noise and was shaking.”“The Japanese plane continued its unmannerly reconnaissance and created a serious threat by interfering in a humanitarian mission of the Korean warship.”The ministry added, “An armed warplane should not threateningly fly at low altitude near another nation’s ship as an accidental collision could occur between the two sides.”The video refuted every comment the Japanese defense ministry made to back its claim that it followed international law, accusing Tokyo of intentionally distorting such law.If the warship targeted the patrol plane, the Korean Defense Ministry said, the plane should have immediately left the site but instead it approached the Korean vessel again, something not understandable.The video also included the sound of unintelligible communication from the Japanese side.The Korean Defense Ministry said it released the video to unveil the truth and refute Japan’s distorted claim that its video released on Dec. 28 showed that the Korean warship had targeted the Japanese patrol plane.The Korean government’s video is in Korean but versions with subtitles in English, Chinese and other languages will be released soon.Seoul has also officially requested Tokyo to review the latter’s findings through a working-level discussion.Shown here is the video released on Jan. 4 by the Korean Ministry of National Defense to refute Japan’s radar claim involving its patrol aircraft and a Korean warship. The captured image from the video says the plane’s low-altitude flight posed a threat to the destroyer. 




Develops Autonomous Navigation TechnologyA Samsung Heavy Industries official remotely operates a ship off the coast of Geoje, South Gyeongsang Province, from a land-based control center in Daejeon.Samsung Heavy Industries (SHI) said on Oct. 19 that it has successfully demonstrated remote-controlled ship operations using the Samsung Autonomous Ship (SAS), an autonomous navigation system of its own development.The demonstration took place at sea off SHI' shipyard in Geoje, South Gyeongsang Province, on Oct. 14. SHI officials controlled a 38-meter-long 300-ton tugboat "Samsung T-8" from the company’s Land Control Center in Daedeok-gu, Daejeon. Although Geoje and Daedeok are about 250 kilometers apart, the officials operated the ship in real time through LTE and 5G mobile services. The demonstration combined collision avoidance, autopilot, and remote control technologies.During the demonstration, the Samsung T-8 sailed safely around its destination about 10 kilometers away without a crew intervention, and avoided ships and obstacles within a one-kilometer radius during the voyage. The SAS uses information collected from the ship's radar and a GPS to find an optimal avoidance route and automatically controls propulsion and steering systems. Officials from DNV GL, an international accredited registrar and classification society headquartered in Norway, attended the event to witness the functions of the SAS in person."We are planning to commercialize a more advanced SAS system in 2022 that is combined with artificial intelligence (AI) and high-speed communication technology," said Shim Yong-rae, head of SHI's Shipbuilding And Marine Research Institute.Jung Min-heecontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




AUSTRALIA BOAT COLLISION DEATHS SYDNEY

Forensic officers carry a body of a victim of a boat collision in Sydney, Australia, 01 May 2008. Five people have been killed in the collision, nine others have been injured, and three are in a critical condition authorities said. 




Methanol Emerging as Eco-friendly Vessel FuelA methanol-powered vessel built by Hyundai Mipo DockyardKorea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering (KSOE) is expected to secure an order to build container ships using methanol as a fuel from Maesk, the world's largest container ship service operator.Hyundai Mipo Dockyard, a subsidiary of KSOE, recently signed a letter of intent (LOI) with Maesk to build three 3,500-TEU methanol fuel-powered container ships (including optional units). The company did not disclose details about the ships’ price and shipbuilding schedule. Industry insiders predict that the value of each ship will run between 45 billion won to 50 billion won. If Hyundai Mipo Dockyard builds all the three ships, the total contract value will reach 150 billion won. Both companies are reportedly planning to seal the contract soon. Maesk made the order for the methanol-powered container ships based on its plan to introduce carbon-neutral ships by 2023, analysts say.Regarding the signing of the LOI, industry insiders are paying attention to the fact that the methanol-powered vessel market is in full swing rather than to the amount of the orders. Methanol is considered an eco-friendly fuel for ships following liquefied natural gas (LNG) as it can reduce sulfur oxides 99 percent, nitrogen oxides 80 percent and greenhouse gas emissions 25 percent. Until now, methanol has not been used as a ship fuel because of its high production cost and nitrogen oxide emission.However, increased production of natural gas, the main ingredient, has pruned cost for production of methanol and new fuel injection technology reduces nitrogen oxides, thereby making it a valuable next-generation fuel for ships. In particular, unlike LNG, which requires high pressure and cryogenic temperatures, methanol is easy to store and transport even at room temperature and general atmospheric pressure. To top it off, construction cost for initial methanol infrastructure is relatively low. Even if it is discharged into the sea, it melts quickly in water and does not cause marine pollution.In addition, the Korean Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries finally approved a revision to the Korean Register of Shipping's Rules on Low Flash Point Fuel-Based Ships on June 18. The revision changed the inspection criteria for methanol-powered ships. The ministry made the decision in line with the global trend as the International Maritime Organization (IMO) prepared temporary safety guidelines on methanol- and ethanol-powered vessels in December 2020.This will allow Korean shipbuilders to build methanol-powered ships more quickly and stably. Currently, more than 20 methanol-powered ships are in operation around the world, with eight of them built by Hyundai Mipo Dockyard.Jung Min-heepr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution








160 Bil. Won to Be Invested in Self-sailing Ship TechnologyThe Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries and the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy announced on June 17 that they will start a project to develop autonomous sailing technology based on artificial intelligence (AI).The project is jointly promoted by the two ministries to commercialize autonomous vessels that will lead the shipbuilding and shipping industries in the future. The Korean government will invest about 160 billion won in the project for six years from 2020 to 2025.The government intends to develop oceangoing ships that meet Level 3 autonomous navigation defined by the International Maritime Organization (IMO). For coastal vessels, the required level is Level 2.A Level 2 vessel can be controlled remotely when the crew is on board, while a Level 3 ship is remotely controlled with the minimum number of crew on board and features such capabilities as predicting and diagnosing problems. If autonomous navigation reaches Level 4, autonomous operation will be possible without any crew members on board.Shipping analysts believe that autonomous sailing technology will improve the economy and safety of operating ships as it allows vessels to explore optimal routes and reduces accidents caused by human errors. Autonomous ships are expected to be commercialized around 2025, creating a market of US$155 billion.The government plans to develop intelligent navigation systems, which are the core technologt for autonomous ships, together with instrumental automation systems, communication systems, and land operation management systems. It plans to verify these systems by applying them to oceangoing ships.Jung Min-heecontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Sewol-submarine collision

Navy says Sewol ferry sinking not caused by submarine collision

SEOUL, Dec. 27 (Yonhap) -- The deadly sinking of the Sewol ferry two years ago was an accident, which left 295 dead and nine missing, not caused by the ship colliding with a submarine, the Navy said Tuesday.

The response comes after an online commenter named "Zaro -- Netizens' investigation team" argued that the ferry sinking was the result of the the passenger ship hitting a submarine in a nearly nine-hour-long documentary released Monday via YouTube.

But the Navy flatly denied the documentary as being based on "groundless" suspicions, saying there was no submarine in operation or conducting drills in the nearby waters on April 16, 2014, when the accident took place.

"The waters are 37 meters deep on average and not suitable for submarine action due to rapid currents and heavy commercial shipping and fishing boat traffic," the Navy said in a statement.

In the documentary, the commenter pointed out that the route taken by the ill-fated ferry didn't match conventional routes and external factors such as a submarine collision can explain the disaster.

He claimed an errant sub collided with the Sewol based on his analysis of radar recordings and the Navy may have concealed the submarine crash in order to achieve its goal of sailing 2 million miles without an accident.

In 2015, the Navy set a new record for sailing some 2 million miles for 23 years without any serious accidents.

The government has steadfastly maintained the accident was caused by overloaded freight, the crew's lack of experience in navigation and outdated safety features on the ship.

"We are considering filing a suit against the netizen Zaro and Kim Kwan-mook, a professor at Ewha Womans University, for spreading false information and defamation of submarine crewmembers," a Navy official said.

The nanoscience professor also argued that radar data showed there was something near the ferry on the day of accident and it was a submarine passing by. The radar data was not confirmed by the Navy.




Tomorrow, Japan will release wastewater from its damaged Fukushima nuclear power plant.While the South Korean government says there's no scientific or technical problems with the planned discharge, officials pledged to still make sure the process is done in a way where the safety and health of citizens are protected.Choi Min-jung has this report.With Japan set to proceed with the release of Fukushima wastewater as soon as Thursday, the South Korean government has determined that there are no scientific or technical problems with the planned discharge. Speaking at a briefing on Tuesday afternoon the first deputy chief of the Office for Government Policy Coordination Park Ku-yeon stressed that this, however, does not mean that the government accepts or supports the wastewater release."Our government concluded today that we will ask Japan to immediately stop the discharge, if the actual process goes differently from what was planned, as it would threaten the safety and health of our people."In order to enhance the transparency and reliability of the disposal, Park said South Korea has consulted with the IAEA and Japan about having Korean experts participate in the on-site inspection operated by the IAEA.The Korean government also asked Japan to immediately stop the release and notify the government, if something unusual occurs.Lastly, South Korea has requested the sharing of real-time information for prompter, transparent monitoring.In response, Japan, in cooperation with the IAEA, agreed to post relevant data online every hour, with the information provided in Korean as well.To ease concerns,.. the government announced its future plans aimed at protecting the safety and health of people in Korea."As we have done so far, our government will focus on the health and safety of the people and respond transparently and promptly, while doing our best to minimize damage to fishers and the fisheries industry."First, the government plans to significantly expand the scope of monitoring to include the waters near the Pacific Islands and the Northwest Pacific near Japan.Authorities also vowed to expand simulations using actual data obtained after the release,.. to reflect what's really going on.The government has been judging that the impact of the release on domestic waters and marine products will not be significant.
This comes as results from various simulations have shown that radioactive substances from the wastewater would flow into Korean waters,.. several years later in a considerably diluted state.








 






SEOUL, July 20 (Yonhap) -- The Marine Corps has launched a probe into the death of a service member who was swept away by a torrent this week during search and rescue operations for victims of heavy monsoon rains, the armed service said Thursday, amid public outcry over poor safety measures for troops mobilized for the efforts.On Wednesday, Marine Cpl. Chae Su-geun of the 1st Marine Division disappeared into the Naeseong stream rapids in Yecheon County, 161 kilometers southeast of Seoul, a day after he was deployed for the search operations, according to the armed service.Rescue authorities discovered his body late at night, some 5.8 kilometers downstream from where he first went missing.Public criticism arose as troops mobilized for the operations at the stream searched for victims without wearing life vests.In a regular briefing, the armed service said its investigation unit is looking into the details of the accident, while acknowledging that life vests should have been given to the troops at the stream, considering the situation."We are conducting an investigation into the decisions made at the scene, and we will supplement (relevant) rules and guidelines," Lt. Col. Choi Yong-sun, a Marine Corps spokesperson, told reporters.He added that the armed service's disaster safety management unit is carrying out an overall safety assessment of personnel deployed in recovery efforts and making improvements.He also apologized and expressed "deep condolences" to the deceased Marine's family members over the incident.The Marine Corps posthumously promoted Chae for his service by one rank from Marine lance corporal to corporal.As recent torrential rains caused floods and landslides across the nation, the military has mobilized troops to assist with search and rescue operations and recovery efforts.On Thursday, more than 10,000 troops and some 640 pieces of equipment will be deployed for such operations in 44 cities and counties nationwide, Jeon Ha-kyu, the defense ministry's spokesperson, said in the briefing.




27% of Yeosu Industrial Complex wharf demurred… Imbalance of government port investment and threat to maritime traffic safety Rep. Joo Cheol-hyeon, the government's 3rd national port investment scale → Busan Port> Ulsan Port> Incheon Port> Yeosu Gwangyang Port, in order, investment imbalance → Deterioration of demurrage → Maritime safety threat… Expansion of routes and urgent investment in the core heart reporter goYongbaeConcerns have been raised that the government's imbalance in port investment could affect the safety of maritime traffic, such as a serious port demurrage rate and a decrease in cargo volume.According to National Assembly Agricultural and Marine Guard Committee Member Joo Cheol-hyeon (Yeo Su-gap) of the Democratic Party, the average demurrage rate of the four piers (Jungheung, Nakpo, Sapo, and Petrochemical) within the Yeosu Petrochemical National Industrial Complex for five years from 2016 to June 2021 was 26.68%.During the same period, Busan Port, the major national port in Korea, recorded 0.28%, Ulsan Port, 1.75%, and Incheon Port, 0.75%.The serious port delinquency rate is inversely proportional to the government's investment in ports.In fact, in the 3rd National Port Master Plan (2011-2020), the investment in Yeosu Gwangyang Port was 25% of Busan Port (4.28 trillion won), 61% of Incheon Port (1.789 trillion won), and Ulsan Port (1.799 trillion won). 60% level.This imbalance in investment is also confirmed in the 4th National Port Master Plan.Even in the government's 4th National Port Master Plan (2021-2030), which begins this year, the investment in Yeosu and Gwangyang Port is only 40% of the 5,242 billion won investment in Busan Port.The government's imbalance in investment in the Yeosu Gwangyang Port is threatening the serious delinquency rate of the petrochemical pier of the Yeosu National Industrial Complex and the safety of marine traffic.According to the results of the 'Yeosu Gwangyang Port Stability Review Service' conducted by the Yeosu Maritime Administration last year, the Yeosu National Industrial Complex Petrochemical Pier Peak Time maritime traffic congestion (current 5 years later) was 52.83% → 137.41% for the Yulchon 2 Industrial Complex, and 52.83% → 137.41% for the 2nd route. predicted that 106.6% → 112.7%, the third route was 110% → 121%, and the fourth route was 110.6% → 129.7%.Following the government's investment imbalance, there is also a serious investment imbalance within the region.Although the Yeosu National Industrial Complex petrochemical pier accounts for 48% of Yeosu Gwangyang Port's cargo volume, only 18.4 billion won, or 10% of the total investment of 171.4 billion won, was invested in the past nine years since the establishment of Yeosu Gwangyang Port Corporation.Rep. Joo Cheol-hyeon said, “The imbalance in port investment between the government and related organizations in the region is threatening not only the deterioration of the demurrage rate at the petrochemical pier of the Yeosu National Industrial Complex, but also the safety of ships’ maritime traffic. We need active investment and support.”Assemblyman Joo said, “The government’s investment is needed to expand the route of Myodo Waterway, which is currently operated only in one direction, and to increase the heart rate. ” he emphasized.





Chilean Base Takes in 154 Antarctica Ship Passengers. [OhMyNews Marcelo Mackinnon] Near midnight on Nov. 22, the Explorer, a Canadian cruise ship, hit a floating iceberg near the Presidente Eduardo Frei Base of the Chilean Air Force. In the collision, a gap was formed in the right side of the ship, very similar to what happened in the famous incident involving the Titanic.Fortunately, another cruise ship, the Norde Norge was nearby and at approximately 6:30 a.m. was able to pick up the passengers that were in life rafts and take them to King George Island, very near to the Chilean Air Force base.A Chilean Air Force plane was the first to sight the Explorer as it banked on a 45 degree angle and also took photos of the people escaping in four life boats and eight Zodiac boats.According to the company that owns the Explorer, among the passengers are 23 British citizens, 13 Americans, 10 Canadians, 10 Australians and one person from Hong Kong.Facing temperatures of -2 degrees Celsius, the passengers were reported to have disembarked at the Presidente Frei Base, at 9 p.m. on Nov. 23. The rescued passengers will be accommodated at the base's gym and will be transported by Chilean Air Force Hercules plane to Punta Arenas as soon as the weather conditions improve.In addition, the Chilean Navy sent the "Viel," one of its Icebreakers to the area to evaluate if the Explorer could be saved but the cruise ship was reported to have sunk by 8 p.m. on Friday.A Chilean Air Force plane was the first to sight the Explorer as it banked on a 45 degree angle and also took photos of the people escaping in the life boats.The Explorer was built in 1969 and had already been involved in three shipwreck incidents, the most serious being in 1979 when the Chilean Navy rescued a crew of 70 persons that had been filming a movie in the Antarctica.This year's incident could not have come at a better time since it reinforces the Chilean claim to sovereignty over this territory, contrary to a recent British claim to a huge amount of land. The British pretension includes most of the Chilean Antarctic Territory that has been established between 53° West and 90° West of Greenwich.According to the Chilean government, the South American country has most rights to the area due to the legal concept of "Uti Possedetis," whereby the former colonial power, the Kingdom of Spain had already established its borders since the 16th century. Also the peninsula were the Presidente Frei base is located is a natural extension of the Andes Mountains that has its southernmost tip in Chilean territory.A Chilean naval mission was the first to land in Antarctica in 1820 captained by a Scotsman called Andrew MacFarlane. Along with his crew of Chilean sailors MacFarlane was the first to land in the Antartica as proven by the captain's log kept by Robert Fildes of the "Cora of Liverpool."In November of 1820 Fildes wrote that his ship came into contact with the "Dragon of Valparaiso" and was told by Captain Macfarlane said that the Chilean ship had been in the area for the past seven weeks and had even landed at Deception Island.This is not the first time that Chile has come to the rescue of foreigners, a most memorable case is that occurred in 1914 as a British expedition commanded by Ernest Shackleton became stranded in the ice aboard its ship, the "Endurance" that finally sank in November of that year.With five other crew members Shackleton set off in a safety boat to the South Georgia Islands, the Falkland Islands and Uruguay, but failed to get help to rescue his remaining 17 comrades. Shackleton then traveled to the port of Punta Arenas, Chile where the local navy organized an expedition headed by Pilot Luis Pardo that rescued the men on August 30, 1916 under temperatures of minus 24 degrees Celsius.Pardo's ship returned to Punta Arenas five days later and was given a heroes welcome by the population and by many foreign press reporters that had traveled to cover the event due to the international interest of the story.The British government offered to pay Pardo a reward of 25,000 pounds for saving Shackleton and his crew but the Chilean officer did not accept the sum and stated that he had only "carried out his duty." Pilot Luis Pardo was promoted by the Chilean navy and in 1919 was appointed Consul in Liverpool, England.




PHILIPPINES FERRY COLLISION OIL SPILL. Waste floats amidst a bunker fuel slick, believed to have come from the sunken ferry, MV ST Thomas Aquinas, is washed ashore along the mangroves of Cordova town, Mactan Island, Cebu province, central Philippines, 19 August 2013. Emergency workers were trying to contain an oil spill from the sunken ferry using chemical dispersants because the sea was too choppy to install booms. Rescuers prepared to dive in rough seas in the central Philippines to search for more than 80 people missing and feared trapped in the sunken ferry, the coast guard said. Bad weather brought on by a tropical depression has been hampering the search operations in Cebu province, 580 kilometres south of Manila, where the MV ST Thomas Aquinas sank 16 August after colliding with a cargo ship. The confirmed death toll rose to 34 after two more bodies were recovered from the sea, according to the provincial disaster management office. The ST Thomas was carrying more than 800 people when it collided with the cargo ship MV Sulpicio Express 7, whose 38 crew members were unharmed. 




N. Korea demands Seoul's apology, compensation for boat collision. North Korea on Monday belatedly called on the South Korean government to apologize and pay compensation for a boat collision that occurred last October.North Korea had previously claimed that a South Korean vessel deliberately slammed into North Korean fishing boat Turubong-3 in the East Sea on Oct. 1, resulting in property damage and the injury of five North Koreans.In an article titled "Gangsters ignorant of human ethics and laws," the North's main newspaper Rodong Sinmun reported that "the Park Geun-hye clique should offer an apology for the crime committed against the North Korean boat and pay proper compensation for the damage."The daily of the North's ruling Workers' Party claimed the puppet regime of the South has since evaded apology and compensation for the past months without feeling any sense of guilt, adding, "Any crime should be followed by due responsibility and punishment."It also said that if the South tries to dodge responsibility, the eventual price for the crime will be higher and the punishment more severe."Moreover, what makes us more indignant is that the puppet regime of the South is insisting doggedly to justify the accident," it said. "It's like a shameless and brazen act of robbery in which we cannot find any bit of human conscience and duty from them."
According to the South Korean Coast Guard, it was later confirmed that the South Korean freighter "HIGHNY" left the scene after colliding with the North Korean fishing vessel.
According to the North's Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) on Oct. 5, the South Korean vessel deliberately rammed into Turubong-3, a boat belonging to the Foreign Trade Administration Bureau of North Hamgyong Province when it was conducting a fishing operation, injuring five crewmen and damaging the boat before taking flight.
The KCNA added the incident was in violation of "the compulsory requirements of the United Nations Maritime Law, which calls for any ship which causes a crash in the open sea to help the other ship."




Jungbu Coastal Police Department conducts a special crackdown on fishing boats in the spring in the building Intensive crackdown on basic safety violations such as not wearing life jackets, overriding, and drinking and driving-Break News Reporter Park Sang-do, Icheon As the use of fishing boats is rapidly increasing in earnest in the spring holiday season, the Jungbu Maritime Police Agency is launching a special crackdown for one month (30 days) in April to create a safe sea fishing environment, comply with safety regulations and reinforce safety awareness of fishing boats.For voluntary participation of fishing fishermen, PR and guidance will be held from March 22 to 31, and marine safety campaigns for safe marine activities such as inducing voluntary compliance to the law for fishing boat workers and sea fishermen and wearing life jackets. It is also planned to be carried out together.In particular, during this special enforcement period, major safety violations of fishing vessels such as ▲ not wearing life jackets ▲ excessive crew members (override), mismatch of crew members ▲ drinking operation, drinking on board ▲ long distance, illegal fishing in other regions, etc. will be intensively cracked down. It is a policy.According to an official from the Central Coast Guard, “We plan to strictly crack down on behaviors that are chronically impeding safety in order to establish a safe fishing vessel culture.” He said, “We will eradicate safety violations through a joint crackdown on land, sea, and air that links police boxes, ships, and aircraft. Revealed will.





The Mokpo Branch of the Gwangju District Court has issued arrest warrants for two senior officials of the ferry's operator, Chonghaejin Marine. A marine safety operations director surnamed Ahn and a logistics team leader identified only as Kim have been charged with criminal negligence, accidental homicide, and violation of maritime safety law. The two men are suspected of loading the ferry with too much cargo despite knowing the associated safety risks. Prosecutors say Kim allegedly tried to tamper with computer records on the Sewol's cargo volume upon hearing news of the accident. Ahn is also suspected of embezzling about 30 million won through the sale of scrap metal during the ferry's renovations.




Interview with DNV CEO Remi EriksenRemi Eriksen, CEO of DNVRemi Eriksen, CEO of DNV, recently had an interview about the longstanding relationship between his company and Korea. DNV is the world’s largest international accredited registrar and classification society and is headquartered in Norway. It provides services to a range of industries, including the one most relevant to Korea – the maritime industry. Eriksen has been CEO since 2015. In the interview, he explains what his company does, recent trends in the maritime industry, and the company’s longstanding relationship with the Korean shipbuilding industry going back all the way to the 1970s. He also touches on the most important global issues in the current era – energy transition, carbon emissions reduction, and climate change.Q: DNV is the world's largest international accredited registrar and classification society. Please explain your business to us.We are the leading independent expert in assurance and risk management. Driven by our purpose, to safeguard life, property and the environment, we empower our customers and their stakeholders with facts and reliable insights so that critical decisions can be made with confidence. As a trusted voice for many of the world’s most successful organizations, we use our knowledge to advance safety and performance, set industry benchmarks, and inspire and invent solutions to tackle global transformations.We continue to commit 5% of our annual revenues to research and innovation programs, which helps us to fulfill our purpose to safeguard life, property and the environment.In the maritime sector, DNV is the world’s leading classification society and a recognized advisor for all industry stakeholders. At the end of 2021, DNV had the largest fleet by tonnage and solidified its position as the market leader.We also deliver world-renowned testing, certification and technical advisory services to the energy value chain including renewables, oil and gas, and energy management. At the same time, we are one of the world’s leading certification bodies, helping businesses assure the performance of their organizations, products, people, facilities and supply chains.Our Digital Solutions business area helps customers managing risk and improve safety and asset performance for ships, pipelines, processing plants, offshore structures, electric grids, smart cities and more. Our open industry assurance platform Veracity, cyber security and software solutions support business-critical activities across many industries, including maritime, energy and healthcare.To further strengthen our expertise in this area, we recently acquired the leading industrial cyber security specialist Applied Risk. Industrial assets such as windfarms, oil and gas infrastructure, ships, manufacturing facilities, and medical equipment are now at higher risk of new forms of cyber-attack as their control systems become increasingly connected. Life, property and the environment are at stake. DNV is making significant investment in helping our customers build a powerful means of defence. By joining forces with Applied Risk, we aim to build an industrial cybersecurity powerhouse to support our customers in managing these emerging risks.Q: DNV entered the Korean market in the 1970s. How has DNV’s relationship with the Korean shipbuilding industry evolved, and what kind of relationship do you have with Korean shipbuilders now?DNV entered the Korean market due to the opening up of new shipyards building vessels for international customers in the mid-1970s. DNV was fulfilling several roles during the first years in addition to classing newbuildings. DNV was extensively used by several of the big yards as consultants for the design and lay-out of the yards themselves as well as the ships and offshore installations that were contracted to several international owners. By 1982, DNV had established site offices at all main Korean shipyards. In 1984, we also established our Approval Centre in Busan to work even closer with the booming Korean shipbuilding industry.Since the beginning DNV has enjoyed a strong relationship with the Korean shipbuilding industry to the benefit of both parties. Today we have close relations and a good cooperation with all the major players in the Korean shipbuilding powerhouse. As our industry is facing huge challenges to manage the path towards decarbonization of shipping, close collaboration will be even more important going forward.Korean yards have a strong reputation for building innovative ships, and we are helping to qualify the technology and verify the solutions through joint development projects and awarding Approval in Principles. Decarbonizing shipping is one of the biggest challenges the industry has ever faced, and DNV’s ambition is to work even closer with the Korean shipyards and other stakeholders to navigate these waters together. DNV strongly believes that collaboration is the fuel of the future.Q: To what extent is Korea an important market for DNV and which of your businesses is most important in Korea?DNV's core competence is within maritime, energy, and the ocean space. As can be seen from DNV’s history in Korea, we have maintained a long partnership with shipyards and have supported them to develop and apply advanced technologies. The Korean shipbuilding industry will maintain its leading position and hence Korea is a very important market to DNV with regards to newbuilding of ships and offshore structures.However, DNV’s core competence as an assurance and risk management company is also used in many other businesses like automotive, medical equipment, power generation and power distribution, to mention just a few.With our core competence rooted in the maritime industries and ocean space DNV also has a company-wide focus on a commercial scale-up of floating offshore wind. Here we are combining our extensive expertise from offshore oil & gas and the complete energy value chain where we have had a leading position for decades. DNV has been involved with the Korean wind industry since 2009.As the renewable energy business is now gaining momentum by moving offshore, we are also working on energy projects with Korean and international energy developers, Korean shipyards, OEMs and solution providers. DNV can provide a complete assurance service including classification, certification, verification, and technical consulting for all the phases of offshore wind projects. We can also provide innovative and cost-effective assurance schemes for the in-service phase of such projects.Q: What is the global shipbuilding industry's outlook for this year? What are your thoughts on the future?First of all, the pandemic has had limited effect on the shipbuilding in Korea so far. This is in stark contrast to how the pandemic has shut down yards for prolonged periods in other parts of the world. As Korean authorities have managed the pandemic in a good and transparent way, yards have been able to keep production running while fighting the pandemic. There have been some challenges on receiving components going into the vessels from other parts of the world in time, but overall the impact has been limited.The new building contracting in 2022 started quite well. Most tonnage was signed for container ships and for gas carriers. Especially for container ships, market conditions remained exceptionally strong through December and January.The green transition continues to grow in importance for all stakeholders in the shipbuilding industry. According to Clarksons Research, 34% of GT on order is set to be capable of using alternative fuels. In January alone, more than 80% of the newbuildings contracted, on a DWT basis, are designed to burn alternative fuels (Clarksons Research).Looking back into 2021, order volumes increased across all major shipbuilding countries, particularly in China and South Korea, which won the majority of large containership orders. Order volumes in Japanese yards are also up from the low they experienced in 2020. European yards remain impacted by the disruption in the cruise industry.After record ordering figures in 2021 of 87 million GT and more than 2,000 seagoing vessels, DNV expects a drop of around 20% in global newbuilding contracting in 2022 – with higher pricing, steel and cost exposure, yard slot availability limited to 2024 and beyond, as well as the impact of slower container ordering. The impact of the war in the Ukraine on the market is however very hard to predict currently.Q: What is the recent trend in the maritime industry regarding the issue of reducing carbon emissions and what role does DNV play to tackle the problem?Decarbonization is the grand challenge of our time. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) declared a “code red for humanity”. We are not on track to limit the temperature rise to 1.5 degrees. COP26, the UN climate change conference, has increased the political pressure on member states to do more.Some of the outcomes include an explicit plan to reduce coal and phase out subsidies that artificially lower the price of hydrocarbons and a scheme to cut 30% of methane emissions by 2030. Several initiatives launched for shipping, such as the Clydebank Declaration for Green Shipping Corridors, also show a lot of promise.The outcomes and the momentum of COP26 have certainly put the IMO under significant pressure to accelerate the decarbonization targets and timelines – not only by regional regulators, but perhaps more importantly in the commercial world, by other players like financiers, charterers, and cargo owners. This means that the expectations being placed on shipping are increasing in number and complexity.As a class society, we are well placed to connect players from all over the maritime value chain and even different industries. We work with partners across the industry to examine what is possible and what is safe and build trust in new solutions.Because the challenge of decarbonization is bigger than one organization. That is why we formed the Maritime Technologies Forum (MTF) – to bring together Class and Flag states to work together on research and offer unbiased advice to the shipping sector. The MTF will also enable safe testing and adoption of new technologies and it will help shape world-leading regulation.The DNV Foundation is also a founding partner of the Global Centre for Maritime Decarbonization (GCMD) which was formed in August 2021. Based in Singapore, the GCMD was set up as a non-profit organization to support decarbonization of the maritime industry to meet or exceed the International Maritime Organization's (IMO) goals for 2030 and 2050.Put simply, class thrives in offering clarity amid complexity, in tackling global transformations, and in helping turn strategic uncertainty into confident decision-making. It is central to our 158-year-old purpose of safeguarding life, property and the environment.Q: It would be important to expand the introduction of new types of fuel to cope with the climate change issue. What is the current status in the maritime industry? What kinds of ESG movements are taking place in the global maritime industry?Fuel is the most important key to unlocking a decarbonized future for shipping. And the fuel transition is gaining momentum. A striking new development is the number of vessels ordered with alternative fuel systems. DNV’s Alternative Fuel Insight (AFI) portal closely monitored this trend throughout the year, and at the year-end 2021 approximately one third (based on GT) of all new-build tonnage was ordered with alternative fuels. This included over 240 ships fueled by LNG, 48 with LPG, 22 with methanol, and 4 with hydrogen.According to DNV’s AFI portal, nearly 200 vessels were ordered with an LNG fuel system in 2021, making last year a record-breaking one for LNG. More and more people are recognizing that LNG is the most suitable transitional alternative fuel. The emergence of bio- and synthetic LNG would allow owners to switch to a low carbon fuel without having to make any additional adjustments on board.Looking ahead, the research – including our own Energy Transition Outlook (ETO) report – shows that there will be several zero carbon options for shipping. Today, there is a growing industry interest in green methanol and ammonia, particularly from deep sea shipping. But even these top candidates come with many unknowns, especially regarding availability, pricing and infrastructure, technical challenges as well as safety and commercial risks.In the absence of a regulatory framework for all these new fuels and technologies, the role of class in developing new standards has never been more important. DNV is working to close the knowledge gaps in this space. For example: The Global Centre for Maritime Decarbonization (GCMD) in Singapore just recently initiated a study that aims to define a robust set of safety guidelines and operational envelopes that will establish the basis of a regulatory sandbox for ammonia bunkering trials at two local sites. DNV will take the lead in that safety study and support with ammonia demand forecasting, bunkering site recommendations, the development of conceptual designs of bunkering modes like truck to ship or ship to ship, HAZID/HAZOP/QRA studies, as well as drafting of technical and operational guidelines.The shipping industry is experiencing an increased attention towards ESG and decarbonization from multiple stakeholders like regulators, financiers and cargo owners. There is a demand for a fact-based scientific disclosure of companies’ sustainability story. Business as usual is not an option anymore.In the maritime world, similar to other industries, ESG reporting covers topics such as recycling, greenhouse gas emissions, other pollutants to air, ecological impacts, business ethics, employee health and safety, as well as accident and safety management. It’s all about understanding the ESG related risks and setting the right ESG goals. This will help companies demonstrate performance to customers, investors, banks and important stakeholders and reach long-term business goals.DNV supports customers with a broad range of services related to Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG). These include ESG due diligence, ESG framework development, the establishment of relevant ESG KPIs and ESG strategies, as well as roadmaps for ways to improve ESG performance and ESG rating and reporting.The consulting company Deloitte examined 36 randomly selected shipping companies listed in New York, Oslo, Tokyo and Shanghai, and found that 24 — or 66% — produced an ESG report, according to analysis published late last year. Based on the dialogues DNV has had with shipping companies globally there are clear signs that this number will increase significantly in 2022.This comes amid a variety of standards that shipping face: the Poseidon Principles for both finance and insurance, accounting standards, the Science-Based Targets initiative for decarbonization targets, United Nations sustainability programs, ratings agencies and charterers, to name a few.Q: As an international accredited registrar and classification society, DNV is deeply involved in major global issues such as energy transition, carbon emissions reduction, and climate change, in addition to its own business activities. What role does DNV play in relation to these issues in the international community? How did DNV get involved in these issues so deeply and come to play a significant role globally?Stakeholders in the energy transition – whether it is governments or the private sector – look to DNV for our independent technical expertise. Our Energy Transition Outlook (ETO) report has become an integral resource for anyone trying to understand how the energy transition will unfold in the coming decades.DNV is a founding member of the UN Global Compact Action Platform for Sustainable Ocean Business. In 2020, we produced the report “Ocean Stewardship 2030.” The report provides a road map for addressing five critical areas for healthy and productive oceans, including sustainable seafood, decarbonized shipping, ocean electricity, ending waste entering the ocean, and ocean data collection.Even if DNV was founded in 1864, we have been global in our outreach for almost just as long – for example having opened up our first office in Busan in 1977, when Korean shipbuilding started to take off. This is a reflection of the global nature of shipping and over time our services have broadened, especially into the energy sector. Because many of the industries we work with can be regarded as vital, our technical expertise and independent view has enabled DNV to become a trusted partner to government institutions around the globe.Q: Currently, a new technological revolution seems to be required to reduce carbon emissions, one of the most important challenges facing the shipbuilding and maritime industries, such as the rapid development of alternative fuels and ship energy efficiency optimization technology. Is there any advice DNV would like to provide to Korean shipbuilding yards or ship owners?With the increased requirements from regulators and the expectations from charterers, financial institutions and society at large, it is very important to future proof any newbuilding project from the very beginning.Choosing the right fuel strategy is one of the most important decisions an owner will have to make for a current newbuilding to satisfy regulations and stakeholder demands related to GHG emissions. The key will be to optimize the fuel storage and propulsion system of the ship to accommodate current and future fuel requirements.In 2021, DNV introduced the 'decarbonization stairway' in its ‘Maritime Forecast to 2050 report’, to show how individual owners can adapt to stay below the required GHG emission trajectories. Owners must identify their own decarbonization stairway to manage carbon risk.While gas is available now, ammonia and methanol are emerging as viable future fuels. Incorporating basic measures at the newbuilding stage is key to accommodating fuel flexibility. Offering attractive designs ensuring fuel flexibility and related safety to the market should be on top of Korean builders’ agenda.All maritime stakeholders across the world have to work together to achieve maritime decarbonization. This isn’t a race. It’s about collaboration.Q: As global competition intensifies due to overseas latecomers, Korean shipbuilding yards are securing competitiveness in the global shipbuilding market through a selective order strategy centered on value-added ships such as LNG carriers and LNG propulsion ships. However, there are also concerns in terms of order volume. What strategies will the Korean shipbuilding industry need to adopt in order to maintain its competitiveness if overall orders from ship owners become low? How can DNV help Korea in this situation?The maritime industry will go through a period of rapid energy and technology transition with decarbonization and digitalization that will have a more significant impact on costs, asset values, and earning capacity than many earlier transitions.Korean yards’ focus on value-added ships like LNG/LPG carriers and low carbon fueled ships seems to be the most relevant strategic way today and in the future, which will enable Korean yards to stay at the front edge.They shall continue to invest in decarbonization and digitalization technologies for both high value and conventional ships to allow ship owners to be in a leading position in the charter market with attractive ship designs and future-proof vessels.DNV has been working over last years to provide an outlook on ship technologies and fuels that helps shipping respond to the decarbonization drive, introducing an updated timeline for the technical availability of selected alternative fuel technologies.Based on accumulated knowledge and experience, our intention is to work together with Korean yards to navigate the technologies and fuels by developing a 'decarbonization stairway' taking into account the yard’s newbuilding design proposal and decarbonization performance. This will support Korean yards in proposing the most attractive designs to ship owners for their operational demands and chartering processes. Importantly, this joint work is to be specifically designed to allow detailed assessments of fuel flexibility and Fuel Ready solutions considering the large uncertainties involved over the lifetime of a ship.Jung Min-heepr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Uljin-gun, Significantly Reinforcement of Aquatic Product Radiation Inspection System
. Uljin-gun (Governor Byeong-bok Son) has significantly strengthened the safety management and radiation inspection system for marine products produced and distributed in the jurisdiction to relieve public anxiety following the Japanese government's start of discharging contaminated water from the Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant on the 24th, and promotes consumption of marine products. He also said that support will continue. Currently, Uljin-gun is cooperating with the Gyeongbuk Provincial Health and Environment Research Institute and the Fisheries Technology Institute to conduct radioactive sample tests on aquatic products produced and distributed in the province. In particular, since July 24, we have cooperated with the Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries to further strengthen the radiation inspection system, take samples of marine products distributed in the market every day, and request inspection from the radiation inspection agency. there is. In addition, by adding inspections by region for farms, sampling and radioactivity inspections are planned three times a month from one month before shipment. In the second half of the year, Uljin-gun plans to further strengthen operation and self-inspection by introducing specialized radiation inspection equipment capable of self-inspection of marine products produced and distributed in the jurisdiction. The relevant aquatic product safety test results can be found on the Gyeongbuk Provincial Government's aquatic product safety test results website and the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries' national application radioactivity analysis website. Meanwhile, Uljin-gun successfully completed the 'Welcome to the Show Event', a co-prosperity discount coupon support project for aquatic products in Hupo in early August to widely publicize safe local aquatic products. plan to unfold. Son Byeong-bok, Mayor of Uljin County, said, “We have greatly strengthened safety inspections on marine products produced and distributed in the jurisdiction.” We will do our best to minimize the damage to local fishermen.”






The Yeosu Maritime Police Station announced on the 5th that it will conduct a free safety inspection of powered water leisure devices such as motor boats and water motorcycles at Yi Sun-sin Marina in Ungcheon on the 8th.According to the Korea Coast Guard, the Korea Maritime Transportation Safety Authority (KOMSA) and two professional repair companies will participate in free inspections of powered water leisure devices at Yi Sun-sin Marina in Ungcheon from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm on the same day.This free leisure equipment inspection service provides training on equipment management techniques as well as safety checks on the overall equipment, such as propulsion organs and basic equipment conditions, for powered water leisure equipment such as motor boats and water motorcycles.In addition, during the peak season (April-October), when the number of fishing and leisure activities increases, the safety inspection service for individual water leisure equipment is provided more than twice a year, as well as a publicity campaign to raise awareness of safety among active users.As part of active administration, the Korea Coast Guard has provided this safety inspection service to prevent various accidents by conducting free inspections on outboard leisure boats and motorized water leisure equipment such as water motorcycles that have not been stored and used for a long time in winter.An official from the Yeosu Coast Guard said, "We hope you enjoy safe marine leisure through equipment inspection before departure to prevent marine accidents caused by negligence in equipment management and careless operation."







Korea’s medical field has been walking on thin ice due to recent court rulings restricting physicians.These came on top of the government policies prohibiting doctors from refusing to admit critically ill patients to emergency rooms while revoking physicians’ licenses if they are sentenced to jail time.That has shaken the emergency medical system for pediatric patients, the weakest link in the nation’s healthcare system. Pediatricians, who have been struggling to find sufficient medical residents for years, have begun to leave the field one by one.Doctors in the field said they had endured the situation with the pride of treating patients. However, the fear of civil and criminal lawsuits and the anxiety that they could become "criminals" at any moment forced them to put down their stethoscopes.A case in point was the Pediatric Emergency Center at Soon Chun Hyang University Cheonan Hospital, which has been operating on a reduced schedule since Dec. 17. Of the seven professors at the center, three have left the hospital, and two have decided to take a leave of absence. Only two professors remain at the center.The faltering of this hospital, the first pediatric emergency center in Korea that had treated critically ill children, is ringing warning bells in the pediatric emergency medical system.The news is causing tension among pediatric emergency centers in the Seoul metropolitan area. This is not the first time pediatric emergency rooms have become difficult to operate due to a shortage of pediatric specialists. However, the news is more shocking because the hospital has supported the pediatric emergency medical system as the backbone of the central region for 10 years.Professor Lee Ju-young of the Department of Pediatrics has been guarding the Pediatric Emergency Center at Soon Chun Hyang University Hospital Cheonan for 10 years and has decided to remain on this thin ice.The rapport between patients and doctors has been destroyed due to misguided medical policies and a distorted medical culture. Professor Lee has long been "burned out" by the reality of having to provide “defensive care” at every moment, but she still wants to stay until the end for the sake of the children, whom she described as “rainbows.”Professor Lee has recently published a book, “Can We Go Out to Sea Again?” her on-duty diary as a pediatric emergency room physician.Lee warned that the pediatric emergency medical system and the entire pediatric medical system have already begun to collapse. She also emphasized it's time to recognize the risks and find proactive and effective ways to address them.Korea Biomedical Review caught up with Professor Lee to find out what the country must do to rebuild the broken pediatric healthcare system.Professor Lee Ju-young of the Pediatric Emergency Center at Soon Chun Hyang University Hospital Cheon recently published “Can We Go Out to Sea Again?” Lee said she decided to stay in the medical field to protect “rainbow-like children” in the shaky reality of pediatric emergency medicine. (KBR photo)Question: What inspired you to publish your on-call diary written while guarding the pediatric emergency room?Answer:At the time of “Jeong-in’s case” in 2020, where a 16-month-old child was abused to death, I posted an angry writing while working at 3 a.m., which was shared by many. Later, as the application rate for pediatrics majors plummeted, another angry article I wrote its reason became an issue once again. Then, I wanted to let people know how serious the situations facing the pediatrics department are. Many colleagues expressed sympathy after the book came out, but I felt sad to see them grieved by the messed-up medical reality. Patients don't trust doctors, and doctors are forced to perform “defensive treatment.”Q: Why do you think the mistrust between doctors and patients has grown?A:The intentions of health insurance in the 1970s were good, and I sympathize with the idea of keeping people healthy at a low cost. In the intervening years, medical science has made tremendous strides, but too much of it has been reimbursed, and the value of basic care has fallen. This has led to an environment of "quick sales at small margins." Doctors want to be nice to their patients but can't afford to be. On the one hand, they can't focus enough because the value of their services is so low. In contrast, patients seem dissatisfied because they feel they paid a lot for a three-minute consultation and got the same medicine. Specialists are ashamed, and the public doesn’t recognize professionals’ expertise.Q: It seems skepticism is growing due to the social atmosphere that does not recognize the expertise of doctors.A:Many of my friends who graduated from medical school in Korea and worked in “vital” departments have already gone abroad, and they say the same thing. They say they still provide vital care but are “happy to see patients.” I never felt that even a doctor's professionalism was respected in Korea. However, my former colleagues abroad have patients who believe and respect their words, even if they say little. That makes them very happy, and they feel they are doing better for patients. I felt so sad when I heard that. In Korea, if patients go to the doctor with a cold and their symptoms don't improve immediately, they say doctors are not good enough. In other countries, it takes weeks to get an appointment, and patients accept this kind of healthcare environment. Sometimes, I ask myself, “What have we done so wrong?”Q: How long have you been working in the pediatric emergency room? Was there a particular reason you chose to work there?A:After getting a license as a pediatric audiologist, I worked at a neighborhood clinic for three years. At that time, it was very difficult to convince patients’ parents. If the symptoms didn't disappear immediately, you would be labeled an “incompetent doctor.” You would get complaints if you didn't prescribe medication because you needed to monitor the patient's condition. The “mom café” is where these discussions are most active. All doctors are described as bad if you go to one of these chat rooms. That's why you don't want to be a pediatrician. The emergency room has a high percentage of children with bad conditions. The parents are also convinced of the doctors' diagnosis and follow it. It was the only place I could maintain my self-esteem as a doctor. Ten years have passed like that.Q: Recently, people have said that the pediatric emergency room at Soon Chun Hyang University Hospital Cheonan is difficult to operate. We also heard that the team defending the pediatric emergency room for 10 years has been disbanded.A:The team of seven female doctors in the pediatric emergency department in their 40s had been working for nearly 10 years without making a single noise. Even amid the difficult situations, such as overseas training, sick leave, childbirth, and Covid-19, the team was so strong that there was no sound of regret. We showed “superhuman” teamwork, as they say. As the No. 1 pediatric emergency center, we received critical patients from various places, including Pyeongtaek, Seosan, and Taean, but we survived for 10 years because it was fun working together.However, there have been no applicants for the pediatrics major for more than three years. During the three years of Covid-19, professors in their 50s and 60s were on call and were already exhausted. Even when critically ill patients come in, they cannot be transferred to other hospitals. Finally, the Emergency Medical Care Act enforcement rules, which specify the criteria for refusing to accept emergency patients, were revised, and the Medical Practitioner License Revocation Act passed the National Assembly last autumn. In addition, a series of excessive judicial rulings have changed the atmosphere.Q: How do judicial rulings and policy changes affect the emergency medical field?A:There are so many closed pediatric emergency rooms at university hospitals. Ours is the only pediatric emergency room in the central region, so critically ill patients come from everywhere. I go to work once a week, and I've done CPR three times in one day. There's one doctor, two or three nurses, and a resident who comes in for a night shift. If the resident is a third- or fourth-year trainee doctor, they are reliable, but specialists must teach them if they're a first- or second-year resident. Patients keep piling up, and you're stuck with one or two critically ill patients. You cannot hospitalize or transfer those patients to other hospitals. Patient complaints keep coming in, and there may be critically ill patients hiding in the ER, but you don't know. Meanwhile, the calls for transfers to our facility keep coming in.The other day, I got a call from the paramedics asking me to take in an unconscious patient with convulsions. When I told them that the convulsions had stopped but that we couldn't admit him to our hospital and that he'd better find another hospital, they said they couldn't accept it and asked for my name so they could record it. If I had accepted the patient to avoid the responsibility, who might have been responsible for the lost golden time for treatment? I understood the paramedics did what they had to, but now I am scared. Everyone I talk to who has left the ER says, "I'm going to lose my medical license if I do this. If I go to jail, who would watch my kid?”Q: We are curious why you chose to stay in the pediatric ER despite those things.A:Three physicians have left the hospital recently. One decided to take a leave of absence due to health reasons. The physician should have left earlier for health reasons but had endured not to leave burdens to the remaining ones. The doctor decided to leave as the team broke up. The other took maternity leave. If the team were still together, she would return after maternity leave, but it would be difficult because it was already disbanded.I decided to stay because I wanted to do more pediatric emergencies. There are a lot of vacancies for specialists right now. Nurses are also busy training. The pediatric emergency center is still running but is maintained by overtaxing doctors and nurses.Q: It must not be the crisis only in the pediatric emergency department of your hospital.A:No, it is not. Not only our hospital but the whole country is in crisis. We cannot hospitalize some patients in wards, nor can we send them to other hospitals, so we must keep them, but the situation is like a ticking time bomb. In the past, such bombs would come by accident. You could defuse them if you called quickly and asked them to turn it off because it was urgent. However, the fuses are burning up, and there is no place to send them even after more than 20 calls. I feel anxious and scared every time I go to work. I feel the ecosystem has already collapsed, and a first-year resident won't be able to enter this situation. The real problem has just begun.Q: What are you most concerned about?A:I'm most concerned about the collapse of the training system. I said this to my teachers. I told them that it was an honor to learn from them during the heyday of Korean pediatrics. Now, the residents are not learning as much as we did. There should be all the sub-departments and many professors, full-time doctors, and patients. There are no hospitals where you can train under these conditions. Increasingly, many departments in university hospitals do not see critical patients and do not accept inpatients. Even the big five hospitals have no support for small departments and full-time doctors. This is probably the peak of Korean medicine, with well-trained doctors in their 40s and 50s still active. At this rate, many surgical techniques will disappear in 10 years, and critical care will be difficult to provide.Q: The government is proposing various policies for defibrillation and CPR. How does the medical field evaluate them?A:The government policies are making it harder. To prevent “emergency room pilgrimage,” they have made refusing to accept emergency patients illegal. The public has welcomed it, but doctors are leaving the ER in the meantime. They say they are expanding the Moonlight Children's Hospital to treat pediatric patients at night but also need to provide night and weekend care. The government also promised to provide a monthly training subsidy of 1 million won ($770) for minor and full-time doctors, but it totals only 36 million won in three years. There is talk of choosing the cosmetic departments without training in pediatrics. It doesn't make sense.Q: What should medical authorities do first to prevent another collapse of pediatrics?A:They need to create a system where only the sick go to the emergency room and change how parents think about healthcare use. They also must create a system where doctors can see their patients more confidently. Right now, doctors hesitate to diagnose at every turn. The ruling and opposition parties have proposed a national compensation bill for pediatric malpractice but failed to pass it, meaning that the National Assembly doesn't have the will.Self-esteem must be restored to prevent the “vital” department's collapse. Doctors are people who care about their patients. I'm doing everything I can to make my patients fare better, so I'm not leaving the field unless I get in trouble for a reason that doesn't make sense legally at that point, and I have patients, guardians, and colleagues around me who recognize that.tweetRelated articles[Top 10 Healthcare News in 2023 ⑧] Alarm bells of collapsing essential care were heard everywhereMedical clinic booking apps polarize access to healthcare in KoreaBig-5 hospitals draw 30% of medical residents amid polarizing preferences of departmentsMycoplasma pneumonia cases spike; pediatric care suffers extreme shortage[Interview] This pediatrician never takes a day off.‘Pediatrics must ramp up holiday care to ease congestion on Mondays’Kim Eun-youngkey@docdocdoc.co.krSee Other ArticlesCopyright © KBR Unauthorized reproduction, redistribution prohibited




South Korea’s shipbuilding conglomerate Hyundai Heavy Industries (HHI) Group and Hyundai Glovis, logistics unit under Hyundai Motor Group, joined hands to develop liquefied hydrogen carriers by combining HHI’s shipbuilding capability and Hyundai Glovis’ strengthen in transportation to preoccupy the market.HHI Group’s two shipbuilding units - Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering (KSOE) and Hyundai Mipo Dockyard – announced Thursday that they received an approval in principle (AIP) to build a 20,000-square-meter liquefied hydrogen carrier under joint development of the shipyards and Hyundai Glovis from the Korean Register of Shipping and Liberia, the flag state of the ship.The vessel became the first large-sized liquefied hydrogen carrier in the world to receive the AIP and that can be put in commercial operation.Liquefaction is a necessary process to ship hydrogen because it reduces volume of the fuel and enhances safety. The cargo can be compressed to one-800th by liquefying hydrogen compared to its gaseous state, which makes it easier and safer to store and deliver. The vessel is equipped with vacuum-insulated tanks to minimize loss of hydrogen gas during transportation.KSOE has developed liquefied hydrogen processing system and evaporative gas processing system powered by fuel cells, while Hyundai Mipo Dockyard is in charge of ship design. Hyundai Glovis and G-Marine Service analyzed economic and safety aspects of shipping liquefied hydrogen.According to the Hydrogen Council, the hydrogen market is expected to grow to $2.5 trillion by 2050, representing 18 percent of global fuel demand.HHI Group official said it is meaningful that the shipbuilding and shipping companies joined forces for the first time to nurture next growth engines and they will keep tapping into broader countries with their outstanding technology.Hyundai Glovis said the joint development will help the companies build up transportation capability necessary to establish infrastructure for offshore hydrogen supply.
 








The government announced plans Friday to form an examination team including civilian experts to carry out a comprehensive safety examination of all 21 nuclear power plants currently operating in South Korea, and to consider halting their operation if a precise diagnosis is required.Civic groups responded by arguing that the team should also include resident representatives and National Assembly lawmakers.In a report Friday to President Lee Myung-bak on its plans for domestic nuclear power plant safety examinations, the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology (MEST) said, “We plan to take the nuclear power accidents in Japan as an occasion for forming a joint government-civilian examination team including a variety of experts and carrying out a comprehensive examination of domestic nuclear power plant safety.”The ministry said it also plans to focus its examination on the safety of nine plants that have been active for more than twenty years, including the Gori No. 1 reactor and Wolseong No. 1 reactor, and consider suspending operations at any plants requiring a precise diagnosis.The methods of selection for the team and the specific plans for examination are to be decided at a meeting of the Reactor Safety Commission taking place at the ministry at 4 p.m. on Mar. 21. This committee is chaired by Minister of Education, Science and Technology Lee Ju-ho and includes seven civilian experts, including KAIST Professor of Nuclear and Quantum Engineering Chang Sun-heung.Kim Young-sik, head of the MEST’s Office of R&D Policy, said this marks the first time the safety of all 21 plants is to be examined at one time.“A number of response measures will be established that were not included in previous accident response procedure, including measures for when the water in the spent fuel pool has run out,” Kim explained.MEST also announced plans to increase the number of radiation monitoring sites as a precautionary measure for nuclear power plant accidents in surrounding countries, with priority installation of monitoring sites at Ieodo Rock off Jeju Island and at the marine science base at Gageo Reef, an underwater reef off Sinan County, South Jeolla Province. There are currently 70 radiation monitoring sites in operation.In response, the Korean Federation for Environmental Movement (KFEM) released a statement saying, “The direct risks of nuclear power plants are borne by nearby residents and citizens.”“Citizen representatives from the four nuclear power plant regions, National Assembly members, and civic group representatives should also participate on the government-civilian examination body,” the group said.Yang-Lee Won-yeong, head of the KFEM organized activity bureau, said, “Even though we are right next to Japan, it seems like our government has less of a sense of tension than those of countries on the other side of the world."“We urgently need to establish a national radiation prevention headquarters to handle examinations by medical institutions, secure medication, and provide tips for citizen actions,” Yang-Lee added.




 






Gyeonggi Province will conduct joint provincial-city and county crackdowns on the use of inorganic acids and unlicensed laver farming practices at laver farms in the province for five months from the 13th to April 30th of next year. .Inorganic acid is an illegal substance used to remove foreign substances from seaweed farms. It has a chlorine ion concentration of 30-33% and is highly acidic to organic acids (less than 9.5%). The use of inorganic acids classified as hazardous chemicals in seaweed farms is prohibited by the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries because it can damage marine environmental pollution and the safety of marine products.The target of this crackdown is 66 laver harvesting farms, including 48 in Hwaseong-si and 18 in Ansan-si, with 3,100ha.The main contents of the crackdown include ▲ (on land) illegal storage and loading of inorganic acids near ports and ports ▲ (marine) whether or not harmful chemicals are loaded or used in fishing grounds management boats that are collecting seaweed.On land, the docks, warehouses, and plastic greenhouses near ports and ports (Ansan Tando/Haengnanggok, Hwaseong Jebu Gungpyeong Port, etc.) near the laver farm, which are likely to store inorganic acids, are intensively inspected. At sea, three fishing guidance ships from Provincial, Ansan, and Hwaseong will be used to strengthen inspections and searches for seaweed harvesting and aquaculture sites and fishing ground management vessels.According to the current Fisheries Resources Management Act, the storage or use of hazardous chemical substances (inorganic acids) for the purpose of use in seaweed farms is strictly restricted. Administrative measures such as suspension or cancellation will also be imposed.In order to curb the illegal use of inorganic acids in the provincial laver farms, we invest more than KRW 600 million every year to provide active treatment agents (organic acids) with a chlorine ion concentration of 9.5% or less that are suitable for the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries’ standards for use of active agents to laver farms in Ansan and Hwaseong. are doing“We will establish a fair fishery order by strictly punishing any acts that destroy the marine environment and cause distrust in Gyeonggi laver products due to the use of inorganic acids,” said the head of the Gyeonggi Ocean and Fisheries Division.Meanwhile, the provincial government has found a total of six cases of illegal use of inorganic acids over the past three years and has taken measures such as judicial disposition.








Yeosu City gives green light to beauty/spa wellness tourism base project…Establishment of ‘Marine Wellness Center’. Passed the central investment review of the Ministry of Public Administration and Security on the 19th... Investment of 21.7 billion won by 2027 reporter goYongbae. As the ‘Beauty and Spa Wellness Tourism Base Development Project’ of Yeosu City in Jeollanam-do passed the central investment review, the push to develop a wellness tourism base began in earnest.According to Yeosu City on the 20th, the Ministry of Public Administration and Security announced that the 'Beauty and Spa Wellness Tourism Base Project' was passed in the 3rd regular central investment review, securing 10.6 billion won in national funds and 3.2 billion won in provincial funds for related projects.Accordingly, Yeosu City will invest a total of KRW 21.7 billion from 2024 to 2027 on 19,000 m2 of unused land on National Route 77 near Baekya Bridge to create a 'marine facility' equipped with marine wellness experience facilities such as a spa, island specialty product sales facilities, and a tourist information center. There are plans to build a ‘wellness center’. The idea is to create an island marine tourism belt that responds to the increase in demand for SAFETY tourism in the post-corona era and revitalizes the southern and central marine tourism routes of Goheung, Yeosu, and Namhae by developing wide-area tourism in the southern region.In addition, by creating a space to sell island specialties, we are hoping to build a sustainable community by activating exchanges between residents, while also improving the income of islanders and revitalizing the local economy by selling various specialties from each island.An official from Yeosu City said, “Once the Eleven Bridge and the Yeosu-Namhae Undersea Tunnel are completed, a southern coastal island and marine tourism belt will be created through the revitalization of marine tourism routes.” He added, “We will build a ‘Marine Wellness Center’ at the center of it to become a base for Korean-style wellness tourism.” “We will foster it,” he said.




Namdong-gu announced on the 23rd that it will strengthen safety management of marine products distributed in the jurisdiction to relieve residents' anxiety as the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan is scheduled. According to Namdong-gu, radioactive contamination indicators such as iodine (131I) and cesium (134Cs, 137Cs) were tested for aquatic products for small consumption by children and the elderly, as well as aquatic products and processed aquatic products handled in group meals sold at aquatic products stores in the jurisdiction, including Soraepogu. will be periodically commissioned to the Incheon City Health and Environment Research Institute. Namdong-gu recently conducted radioactivity tests on 17 types of seafood (fish snail, clam, octopus, croaker, snail, flounder, hagfish, shrimp, sea squirt, oyster, and abalone) distributed in the jurisdiction on two occasions, and all were found to be suitable. Namdong-gu plans to establish a solid safety system, such as conducting additional collection and inspection in the future and promptly banning the sale of the fishery product if it is judged unsuitable. In addition, Namdong-gu plans to continuously post 'maritime and fisheries radiation safety management information' through the district website and the 'fishery products safety traffic light' installed at the entrance to the traditional fish market in Soraepo-gu.




Ferry Sinks In Collision In Philippines; 17 dead

A ferry with nearly 700 people aboard sank near the central Philippine port of Cebu last night after colliding with a cargo vessel, killing at least 17 people.

A coast guard officer said 17 people were confirmed dead, including children, and 525 had been rescued several hours after the collision.

Authorities were still checking the number of others who had been taken to hospitals.

Hundreds of passengers jumped into the ocean as the ship started to sink, according to survivors.




SEOUL, July 21 -- South Korea on Friday awarded an order of national security merit to a Marine who died during search and rescue operations for victims of torrential rains earlier this week, the Marine Corps said.The government honored late Marine Cpl. Chae Su-geun of the 1st Marine Division with the Gwangbok Medal, an order of national security merit, in a ceremony at the unit's headquarters in Pohang, 262 kilometers southeast of Seoul.The previous day, a Navy review committee concluded his passing was a line-of-duty death. He was posthumously promoted by one rank by the Marine Corps on the same day.On Wednesday, Chae was swept away by a torrent at Naeseong Stream in Yecheon County, 161 km southeast of Seoul, during the search operations. Rescue authorities recovered his body late at night, 5.8 km downstream from where he first went missing.The late Marine will be laid to rest at Daejeon National Cemetery in Daejeon, 139 km south of Seoul, on Saturday, according to the veterans ministry.Public criticism has mounted against the military as troops at the stream searched for victims without life vests.The Marine Corps is currently conducting an investigation into Chae's death, while carrying out a safety assessment for troops deployed in search and rescue operations.




S. Korea aims to cut maritime accidents by 30% with marine navigation services. Saturday, August 8, 2020 3:11 PM UTC. South Korea's Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries (MOF) is targetting a 30 percent reduction in maritime accidents by utilizing a smart marine navigation system in offering the world's first marine navigation services starting in 2021.The marine navigation services will provide remote monitoring of fire and capsizing risks, automatic collision and grounding alerts, optimal route guidance, ship entry and departure information, electronic hydrographical charts, and marine safety and weather data in real-time.The government developed the system through the Korean-style E-navigation Development Project, which was launched in 2016.The system began undergoing pilot operations in 2020.Ships are currently using analog technologies such as radar and voice communication that have limitations in preventing accidents.Also, the ministry will promote the global standardization of the smart marine transportation system.South Korea plans to secure marine digital source technologies and establish an international marine digital governance system centered around Korea.Marine experts say that maritime digitalization could create a new 30-trillion-won market.The MOF plans to operate a testing site for new technologies with major countries in Korean waters and sign business deals with those countries.The MOF bared the Smart Maritime Transportation Strategy during the 12th Science And Technology-related Ministers' Meeting.




Investigation Into Danube Boat Collision Likely To Be Prolonged. The investigation into the deadly tour boat sinking on the Danube River in Hungary is expected to be drawn-out due to an extensive amount of evidence that needs to be reviewed. Police in Budapest said Tuesday that it secured 2 terabytes of data from the Viking Sigyn cruise ship that collided with the smaller Hableany tour boat, killing 23 South Korean tourists and two Hungarian crew members.Seven people survived the accident while three are still missing.Police revealed that the captain of the cruise ship, the only suspect in the case so far, tested negative for drugs or alcohol at the time of the accident on May 29th.




SEOUL -- Hyundai Merchant Marine, a leading South Korean shipper controlled by creditors, will receive up to two trillion won ($1.67 billion) in material support so that it can reduce usage fees to foreign leasing companies and strengthen global competitiveness.Hyundai Merchant is in talks with the state-run Korea Ocean Business Corp. (KOBC) on the direct order of container boxes through a special purpose company (SPC) financed by KOBC and two policy banks, Korea Development Bank (KDB) and the Export-Import Bank of Korea."It is true that we are considering creating a subsidiary for leasing, but specific amounts and figures have yet to be finalized," a KOBC official said. "The agreement is almost final and we will try to announce it as soon as possible."Industry officials said the government would own container boxes and lease them to Hyundai Merchant. Container boxes owned by Hyundai Merchant stand at 170,000 TEUs or 21 percent of its total holdings. The rest are all borrowed from foreign companies. TEU is a unit of cargo capacity, based on the volume of a 20-foot-long (6.1 m) intermodal container, a standard-sized metal box which can be easily transferred between different modes of transportation, such as ships, trains and trucks.Policymakers believe that container boxes can be supported to prevent an outflow of national wealth and enhance South Korea's shipping competitiveness. As part of a government scheme to rehabilitate the domestic shipbuilding industry, Hyundai Merchant signed contracts with three top shipbuilders in September last year to acquire 20 giant eco-friendly container ships by 2020 when new rules imposed by a U.N. maritime safety agency on the amount of sulfur take effect.Hyundai Merchant has tried to enhance its international competitiveness and profitability since Hanjin Shipping, which used to be South Korea's largest container carrier, terminated its 40-year-long business in February 2017, when South Korean shippers were in trouble due to falling freight rates and a protracted slump in the global economy.However, Hyundai Merchant's operating loss soared 41.7 percent on-year to 576.5 billion won in 2018 due to high oil prices and low freight rates that have hampered efforts to rebuild South Korea's tattled shipping industry with a massive injection of state money. KDB has promised to consider providing financial support to Hyundai Merchant.





SEOUL, Aug. 30 (Yonhap) -- South Korea has launched intensive radiation tests on salt fields across the country amid safety concerns over Japan's release of contaminated water from its crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant, the oceans ministry said Wednesday.Last week, Japan began discharging radioactive water from the power plant into the ocean, sparking concerns about its impact on the environment, seafood and public health.Commissioned by the government, private institutions began inspecting the radiation levels of all the country's 687 smaller-sized salt farms Tuesday, Vice Oceans Minister Park Sung-hoon said during a regular briefing on the Fukushima issue.The ministry has been carrying out radiation tests on the country's 150 major salt fields since April, and it decided to strengthen the move by mobilizing private entities to ease public concerns about the safety of salt and other marine products."We will wrap up the tests on salt farms by October, when this year's salt production ends. The government will then carry out radiation checks on packaged salt starting in November to dispel safety woes," Park said.So far, the government has checked 109 samples from 86 salt farms, and all met safety standards, he added.








Jeollanam-do, Wando port to ensure port order and ship safety ‘Marine No. 3’ launched. 
An eco-friendly port patrol boat that mixes road, electricity and diesel... Sailing up to 34 knots (Muan/Wando = Break News) Reporter Lee Hak-soo = In Jeonnam-do, the 'Marine No. 3', a patrol boat to establish port order and secure ship safety at Wando Port, has been replaced with an eco-friendly port patrol boat that uses a hybrid engine and electric energy combination. It was built and put into service on the 3rd. About 80 people attended the inauguration ceremony, including Choi Jong-wook, head of the port operation department at the Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries, Choi Jeong-ki, director of the Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Bureau of Jeollanam-do Province, Shin Eui-joon, a member of South Jeolla Province, Shin Woo-cheol, Wando County Governor, Park Ki-jeong, chief of the Wando Maritime Police Station, and heads of organizations related to maritime affairs and fisheries. The ceremony proceeded in the order of awarding plaques of merit, report on ship construction progress, and patrol boat opening ceremony. ‘Maritime No. 3’ was built as an eco-friendly port patrol boat with a budget of 4.7 billion won to ensure the safety of ships at Wando Port, where about 40,000 ships pass through each year. By applying the hybrid system, it can sail at 8 knots (15 km/h) when using electric propulsion and at a maximum speed of 34 knots (63 km/h) using a transit engine when operating at high speed. Choi Jeong-ki, director of Oceans and Fisheries Bureau of Jeollanam-do Province, said, “With the first eco-friendly port patrol boat equipped with a hybrid propulsion system in Jeollanam-do, we are responsible for the safety of ships and port workers using Wando Port, and provide quality port service.” I expect to do it,” he said.




News got out that Japan asked South Korea to lift import regulations on marine products from Fukushima, Japan in the latest summit, igniting concern among the citizens of Korea. Given the government’s lowly attitude toward Japan, confirmed in its solution to the forced mobilization under Japanese occupation, the people find it hard to trust the government to stand by its principle of putting top priority on the safety and health of the people.The Japanese Sankei Shimbun reported on March 20 that Prime Minister Fumio Kishida requested South Korea to lift restrictions on the import of marine products from Fukushima in the summit with President Yoon Suk-yeol on March 16. In a press briefing Monday, the Office of the President said they could not disclose any information on whether there were such discussions. At the same time, the presidential office said, “Our government position is clear. We cannot accept anything that threatens the safety and health of our citizens.”That the safety and health of our citizens is top priority has been the basic principle upheld by the South Korean government since the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant in 2011. When the South Korean government won in the second trial in 2019 after Japan filed a claim at the World Trade Organization (WTO) against South Korea’s ban on the import of marine products, our foreign ministry said, “It was the result of our best efforts to uphold a principle that puts top priority on the safety and health of our citizens since our defeat in the first trial.” The import ban on 28 types of marine products from eight prefectures in Japan is still maintained to this day.The Office of the President reaffirmed the government principle, but citizens still expressed concern. The people that the Kyunghyang Shinmun met at the Noryangjin Fish Market in Dongjak-gu, Seoul on March 21 said they were worried that the government might have eased regulations after seeing Japan drag South Korea around in the summit. Merchants were concerned that business would get tougher if marine products were imported from Fukushima.One storeowner who has been selling fish for over twenty years said, “I want to trust him, since I voted for him in the presidential election, but I get the feeling he might allow imports if Japan makes a good offer.” Yun, a woman in her sixties came out after shopping at the market and said, “I was nervous because of the comfort women issue and because he let Japan drag us around throughout the summit,” and added, “I think I’ll have to stop eating fish if marine products are imported.” Oh (85), who bought hairtail from Jeju at the market, said, “I feel uneasy about buying and eating marine products (when I hear about Fukushima),” and argued, “The government should present measures to help the people feel at rest.”The people also criticized the government for not raising an issue in the latest summit despite that Japan had announced plans to release contaminated water from Fukushima. An Jae-hun, director of activities at the Korea Federation for Environmental Movements, explained, “There is controversy over how much radioactive materials are in the contaminated water,” and said, “The government should have demanded an alternative to the discharge of water in the summit, which is a diplomatic forum.” Goh Song-ja, secretary-general of the Haenyeo (women divers) Association who has been diving for thirty-five years, said, “I’m worried because we directly swallow the sea water in our job, and because people might not buy Jeju-do products.” She also said, “The date of the release is approaching, but there seems to have been no discussion to give us a sense of security.”







Tuesday’s Marine chopper crash might have been caused by mechanical defects in the latest deployed helicopter, military officials and experts said, as investigation into the fatal accident that killed five Marines and injured one continues.The MUH-1 Marineone crashed at a Marine base in the southeastern city of Pohang, North Gyeongsang Province, killing five of the six Marines aboard and injuring the other. The helicopter caught fire after plunging to the landing strip from about 10 meters in the air.Given that the pilot was a veteran with around 3,300 hours of flight experience, military officials and experts suspect there may have been mechanical defects in the Marineone, a Marine variant of the 90 KUH-1 Surion helicopter used by the Army.“Since the Surion helicopters were deployed in 2012, there have been different types of accidents and defects. ... But we have never seen the rotor blade being completely separated from the body,” said a military official, requesting anonymity due to sensitivity of the issue. The remains of the MUH-1 Marineone in Pohang, North Gyeongsang Province. (Yonhap)Closed-circuit television footage released by the Marines shows the helicopter’s rotor blade becoming separated from the fuselage after takeoff, just four to five seconds after flying 10 meters above the ground.The rotor blade was found about 20 meters away from the fuselage, which burned down after the crash. The main rotor was not damaged by the fire, but one of its four blades was separated from the body.Some experts have suggested that the accident could be attributed to the lack of efforts to fix the defects found in Marineone’s original model Surion, which suffered from various defects and raised concerns over flight safety.“I suspect that technical defects occurred when the military modified Surion to develop its marine variant,” said Lee Il-Woo, a military analyst at Seoul-based Korea Defence Network. “It only took one year and six months to develop Marineone.”The Board of Audit and Inspection deemed last year that Surion helicopters were not airworthy as they lacked lightning protection and anti-icing capability. The agency even requested a probe into the country’s arms procurement agency.After being suspended from operational deployment, the helicopter recently passed de-icing tests. The Defense Acquisition Program Administration said in June that the chopper proved its capability to fly in minus 30 degrees Celsius for at least 30 minutes without ice forming on the inside.Cheong Wa Dae, meanwhile, played down concerns over the Surion, saying the chopper has passed safety tests and retains “world-class” capability. The multirole Surion chopper was produced by Korea’s sole aircraft manufacturer Korea Aerospace Industries.“Just because Marineone is a variant of Surion, and Surion had suffered from mechanical defects, speculation can emerge that (the current) Surion helicopter appears to have a significant problem,” a Cheong Wa Dae official told reporters Wednesday under the customary condition of anonymity.“But the icing problem, raised by the Board of Audit and Inspection, was completely solved. Surion is a world-class chopper with excellent capability. That is what we discussed and the Defense Ministry needs to explain that to the public.”South Korea invested about 1.3 trillion won ($1.15 billion) from June 2006 for KAI to develop the Surion, and the project was completed in July 2012 after it was approved for combat use. Since then, the South Korean military has deployed 60 Surions in the field.





Jeonnam-do, 1st supplementary budget increase of 663.8 billion… Total KRW 11.19 trillion

Provincial government maintains sound fiscal stance... Focus on strategic industries, public livelihood stability, and happiness policies


(Muan = Break News) Correspondent Lee Hak-soo = Jeonnam-do plans a 2023 budget of 11.19 trillion won, an increase of 663.8 billion won (6.4%) from the main budget (10.3381 trillion won) to revitalize the local economy and promote the happiness policy for the residents. It was announced that the first supplementary budget for the year was compiled and submitted to the Jeonnam Provincial Assembly.


This supplementary budget maintains a sound fiscal stance in consideration of unstable economic conditions and the prospect of a decrease in the government's national tax revenue, but focuses on provincial government-focused projects, revitalization of the agricultural and livestock industries, and policies for people's livelihood stability and happiness. In preparation for the prospect of a decrease in national and local tax revenue without issuing local bonds for two consecutive years, KRW 84.3 billion is accumulated in the Integrated Fiscal Stabilization Fund.


By sector ▲Fostering future strategic industries and revitalizing the local economy 64.8 billion ▲High quality agricultural and livestock products 90.6 billion ▲Promotion of youth support and customized happiness policies for citizens 56.4 billion ▲Support for events to attract domestic and foreign tourists and boost domestic demand 60.4 billion ▲Safe and good living 176.9 billion won was organized to create settlement conditions.


Major new projects are ▲ 2 billion won to build a technology development industrialization support center for commercialization of carbon dioxide power generation technology using waste heat from industrial processes in future strategic industries, 1 billion won to train manpower at a microorganism demonstration support center necessary for fostering the vaccine industry, 1 billion won to secure source technology for visual semiconductors 200 million won in support for regional innovation projects, which are R&D projects.


▲ 4.5 billion won to build a kimchi raw material supply complex to respond to Chinese kimchi in the agricultural and livestock sector and to supply safe kimchi raw materials, 6.5 billion won to create a seaweed industry promotion zone to improve the quality of seaweed products and enhance export competitiveness, smart fish farm system such as automatic feed supply 100 million won in support for fishery information and communication technology (ICT) convergence for establishment was reflected.


▲In the field of public livelihood stabilization and happiness policies, 3 billion won in special fund interest support for small and medium-sized businesses to revive small and medium-sized enterprises that are in trouble due to the base interest rate hike, and 200 million won in the 1,000 won breakfast project to provide breakfast support to college students who skip breakfast.


▲ 7.2 billion won for 5 projects, including Haenam Solaseido Water Performance Center and Shinan Food Tourism Theme Resources, which can be built this year, among the KRW 1.5 trillion southern wide-area tourism development projects that utilize the attractive coast, inland, and abundant island resources in the cultural and tourism sector. reflected


▲ In the field of safety and social overhead capital (SOC), 1 billion won for the rainwater storage facility installation project and 400 million won for the maintenance of old public rental housing are included to prevent flooding in low-lying areas that are habitually flooded and to utilize stored rainwater as water resources.


As a major budget for each focus area, KRW 64.8 billion was allocated to promote the local economy by fostering future strategic industries that will lead Jeonnam's great leap forward and supporting small and medium-sized businesses.


Establishment of empirical scale catalyst test bed for advanced petrochemical industry for technical support of Yeosu industrial complex companies with the goal of creating the world’s first petrochemical complex, 1.3 billion won, new and renewable energy convergence to build renewable energy source facilities such as solar power and fuel cells 2 billion won in support and 1.9 billion won based on demonstration support for messenger ribonucleic acid genetically engineered material (m-RNA) vaccines to build vaccine drug consignment production facilities.


To increase sales in local commercial districts and revitalize the local economy, 28.3 billion won in local love gift certificates and 1 billion won in interest support for small business owners to reduce their loan interest burden were increased.


90.6 billion won was allocated to lay the groundwork for the future food industry through smartization of agricultural, fishery and livestock products and export industrialization. 4.3 billion won for the consignment market modernization model establishment project to support the low-temperature distribution system for aquatic products, and 500 million won for 10% support for export logistics costs for farms and companies exporting agricultural products to strengthen the export competitiveness of agricultural products.


Expansion of support for accident insurance premiums for aquaculture products and safety insurance premiums for small fishermen in safety blind spots to create a stable aquaculture environment from disasters caused by abnormal weather, and insurance premiums for fishing boats that were subsidized only for fishing vessels of less than 100 tons and accident insurance premiums for fishing boats under 100 tons 1.6 billion won in subscription fees for four types of fisheries policy insurance, including expansion to all fishing boats, was organized.


In addition, KRW 600 million for designing a smart livestock information and communication technology demonstration complex to improve productivity of livestock facilities, and KRW 1.4 billion for the installation of quarantine infrastructure for livestock infectious diseases such as foot-and-mouth disease and African swine fever were increased.


56.4 billion won was allocated to support the settlement of the young population and to promote the happiness policy tailored to the residents first. 3.2 billion won from the job creation support project tailored to the local industry, which provides customized training and employment for young job seekers, and 4.7 billion won from the local-led youth job creation project, which supports monthly labor costs of 2.3 million won and education and training to secure stable youth jobs.


When small and medium-sized shipbuilding companies in Jeonnam hire young people under the age of 39, they have newly organized an eco-friendly smart shipbuilding and marine youth job project worth 1.2 billion won, which supports 2 million won in labor costs per month.


Young farmers who have completed more than 2 years of business practice rental farms will be provided with up to KRW 300 million of smart greenhouse installation costs, including their own burden, and a KRW 1.8 billion smart greenhouse construction support project for young farmers, and housing purchase interest when newlyweds and families with multiple children establish a home. 200 million won was increased to expand support from 150,000 won to 250,000 won per month.


1.7 billion won for the agri-food voucher pilot project to support agri-food to households with less than 50% of the median income, and 4.5 billion won for the reinforcement of facilities and equipment at local public medical centers, whose importance has been proven due to COVID-19.


60.4 billion won was reflected to attract domestic and foreign tourists and successfully host large-scale events. 1.8 billion won for the open tourism environment creation project to attract domestic tourists, 12.2 billion won and 3.1 billion won respectively for the Mokpo tourism base city development and Gangjin plan contest-type regional tourism development project to improve the tourism environment and travel content in the western Jeollanam-do region.


In order to achieve the goal of attracting 3 million overseas tourists, the project cost for attracting overseas tourists was increased by KRW 1.9 billion, including incentives for attracting new chartered flights and compensation for losses in attracting chartered flights.


For the successful hosting of the National Sports Festival in Jeonnam after 15 years, a total of KRW 5.3 billion was additionally allocated to support facility operation and improve the performance of the Jeonnam athletes.


176.9 billion won was allocated for the construction of Jeonnam, which is safe from disasters, and for the creation of a comfortable living environment. In order to protect the lives and properties of residents from the torrential rain caused by abnormal weather, an additional KRW 35 billion was reflected in the project to expand the cross section of the river and renovate the embankment. 11.8 billion won in the drainage improvement project for flooded areas was increased.


Increased local road maintenance project by KRW 16.3 billion for balanced development among regions and establishment of a basis for transportation and logistics, maintenance of old water supply and sewage pipes to improve drinking water by KRW 8.9 billion, expansion of sewage treatment plants to improve residential conditions by KRW 2.9 billion, sewage system for small villages in rural areas An additional 2.6 billion won was allocated for maintenance. In addition, for balanced development within the province and strengthening of administrative services in the eastern region, KRW 2.9 billion was increased for facility reinforcement and work environment improvement at the eastern regional headquarters. In addition, for an accurate and speedy investigation of the Yeosu 10/19 Incident, 200 million won of internal funds were additionally invested in addition to government funds, 30 billion won was transferred to the special account for firefighting, 7.5 billion won was settled for the special accounting for nuclear power plants, and 4.8 billion won was provided for education. 161.9 billion won was allocated for general administration. Jang Heon-beom, head of the Planning and Coordination Office of Jeollanam-do, said, “We maintained a sound fiscal stance in accordance with the prospect of a decrease in national tax revenue and local tax revenue.” It reflected the budget,” he said. Meanwhile, the supplementary budget proposed by Jeollanam-do is scheduled to be finalized at the plenary session after deliberation by the Standing Committee and the Special Committee on Budget and Accounts at the 1st regular meeting of the 372nd Jeonnam Provincial Assembly in June.






Work at Samsung shipyard suspended pending probe into rare crane collision. Work at Samsung Heavy Industries, one of South Korea's three largest shipyards, came to a complete halt Tuesday pending an investigation into the collision of cranes that left six workers dead and 25 other injured. The two-week suspension of operations at Samsung's shipyard on the southern island of Geoje was ordered by labor authorities, a day after an 800-ton giant crane moving on a fixed rail collided with a 32-ton tower crane when workers were in a dock to build an ocean platform. The platform was to be delivered next month under a 500 million US dollar order from a French company, according to Yonhap news agency. Police and government officials have launched an investigation into possible human errors or breach of safety rules because such a collision is extremely rare.
The disaster came as Samsung Heavy, one of South Korea's three largest shipbuilders, is still reeling from mounting losses caused by a prolonged slump. Under a government-led restructuring program, Samsung and other shipbuilders have streamlined docks. In March, Samsung Heavy unveiled the first of four 20,150 TEU container ships ordered by Japanese shipping company MOL. At the time, the shipyard proudly said it has built the world's largest container ship with no safety accident.





A war of words is about to erupt in Korea as Japan makes the final preparations to release treated radioactive water from the ruined Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.With varying versions of the facts flooding in from both sides of the political aisle, consumers are growing increasingly confused, with some even scrambling to stock up on sea salts as panic sets in.The primary concern is whether the treated water, which Japan claims to be free of most nuclides, except tritium, after being processed via the Advanced Liquid Processing System (ALPS), will have both a short and long-term impact on the marine ecosystem and ultimately on human bodies.With this, tritium has become a central issue in the intensifying debate.Advocates argue that the concentration level of tritium included in the treated water will be far below the international safety standard after dilution, accusing the opposing side of “fearmongering,” whereas the opposition, namely the Democratic Party (DP) and the local fisheries community, questions the validity of reports and promises from the Japanese government, and is calling on the government to veto Japan's decision.The Korean government is neither officially supporting nor opposing the release of the treated radioactive wastewater.The government's stance "remains the same as that of the previous administration, as we will oppose the release of the treated water if the process is not done in accordance with the global standard, based on scientific and objective perspective,” Bang Moon-kyu, minister of the Office for Government Policy Coordination, said on Thursday.Cho Yang-ki, chief of Seoul National University's Research Institute of Oceanography, speaks during a daily briefing session on the Fukushima water release hosted by the government at the government complex in central Seoul on Monday. [NEWS1]Korean authorities plan to bolster the monitoring system for seafood safety and double down on radiation level tests, with the goal of running 8,000 tests a year compared to the previous year's 4,000, according to the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries.The government has also begun to hold a daily briefing on the Fukushima water release every day starting Thursday, in a bid to rein in the growing public fear.During a briefing held at the government complex in central Seoul on Friday, Song Sang-keun, the vice minister of oceans and fisheries, said that the current import ban on seafood from Fukushima will not be lifted "unless the safety of seafood from Fukushima is proven," regardless of whether the safety of the ALPS-treated water is scientifically proven or not.Korea has restricted imports of seafood produced from Fukushima since 2013 due to possible radiation exposure.To drink, or not to drink? That is the question.Amidst burgeoning concerns and confusion, this question keeps resurfacing: is it okay to drink the treated radioactive water?“The World Health Organization’s standard for tritium concentration level in drinking water is 10,000 becquerel (Bq)” per liter, said Prime Minister Han Duck-soo during an interpellation session on June 12, in response to a question from a DP lawmaker asking whether the prime minister is willing to drink the water.“If it meets the safety standard, I can drink it,” he added.“Then why don’t you drink it with your family?” said Yoon Jae-gap, the DP lawmaker.Democratic Party chief Lee Jae-myung speaks during a rally against the planned release of the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant's treated radioactive water on Saturday held in Incheon. [NEWS1]DP chief Lee Jae-myung has also been vocal in his opposition to the release of the treated water.“If it is really safe, why are they saying ‘we will drink it’ instead of 'you [Japan] should drink it'?” he said during a rally against the release of the treated water held on Saturday in Incheon.The seemingly absurd question of whether to drink the treated water was first ignited by Wade Allison, an emeritus professor at the University of Oxford, who said that he would even drink a liter of the treated wastewater from the Fukushima plant, assuming it has a completely safe level of tritium, during a press conference held in central Seoul in May.However, there are also some starkly contrasting arguments.Timothy Mousseau, a biology professor from the University of South Carolina, argued that tritium can be even more hazardous than cesium in cases of internal exposure, in an April press conference hosted by Greenpeace in Seoul.Mousseau added that the Japanese government should conduct a trans-border inspection on the biological impact of the treated water on the ecosystem before the planned release.Sung Il-jong, a People Power Party lawmaker, spoke out in support of Allison, saying that “the intent was to emphasize the safety of the treated water.”Sung cited the example of wastewater from factories, arguing that “saying that 'you should drink the water, use it in pools' is like saying one should do the same with treated sewer water or industrial wastewater,” suggesting that the treated water would be safe after being properly processed.Is it really safe?Mainstream nuclear scientists are in general agreement that the tritium level in the released water will not pose a significant threat to the human body, citing scientific data and existing global standards.“The question of whether the level of tritium in the treated water is high enough to have a meaningful impact on Korean people or the local seafood has actually been answered by science,” said Cheong Jae-hak, professor at the Department of Nuclear Engineering at Kyung Hee University.“The research has been ongoing for decades, and I believe we have reached a general consensus on the possible impact of tritium,” explained Jeong.The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), which conducted an inspection and review of the Fukushima water, also said in its fourth report released on April 5 that “tritium is a minor contributor” with a dose of less than 1 percent.Japan plans to dilute the treated water in order to lower the tritium level to 1,500 Bq per liter, which is about one-seventh of the 10,000-Bq level set by the WHO for drinking water, and gradually release 1.25 million tons of treated water over a span of 30 years.Yet the IAEA left room for further inspection, saying that the issue of tritium “is likely to be a topic of interest to many interested parties,” and therefore “suggested that Tepco [Tokyo Electric Power Company] explain the uncertainties” further.Where should we go from now?Despite the IAEA report, worries over the implication of the Fukushima water release persist.Nuclear scientists suggest that it is because "this is a matter of peace of mind, rather than safety.""Safety is about the scientific data, whereas securing peace of mind is a matter of psychology and public sentiment," said Jerng Dong-wook of Chung Ang University."The issue of the Fukushima water release does not benefit the Korean public in any way whatsoever — so Koreans have every right to ask for tighter scrutiny and safety," said Jerng.But arguing that the Fukushima water release will have negative consequences on the local marine environment when there is no scientific evidence supporting such prediction will only harm the domestic industry, he added.The engineering professor suggested that the government should demand bigger transparency from the Japanese government, enabling neighboring countries to directly inspect the Fukushima wastewater with their own research teams."As an engineer, I don't think that the Japanese government distorted facts or fabricated the report," said Cheong of Kyung Hee University.But he emphasized that "I also do not blame the general public for having a hard time trusting the report. That means that the Japanese government failed in terms of stakeholder engagement."The professor suggested that the Korean government needs to come up with its own facts, forecasts, and reports on the treated water's possible impact on the local environment, rather than just repeating data from the Japanese government.“Discussions can only proceed as long as the Korean public comes to an understanding of what reasonable options are available, and whether the release of the treated water into the sea can be justified,” said Cheong.Cheong also suggested that the government should consider claiming compensation from Japan if the local industry is significantly impacted by the release of wastewater.The IAEA will publish its final report as early as late June. According to NHK, a Japanese news outlet, IAEA Director General Rafael Grossi could visit Japan in early July to deliver the final report to Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida.







Japan's imminent discharge of Fukushima wastewater has been making headlines here and elsewhere for days and weeks.Today, we take a closer look: where this issue has come so far, what's causing public concerns and why it's being more and more drawn into the political arena.
For more, we have in the studio our political correspondent Han Seong-woo.Welcome, Seong-woo.Happy to be here, Jung-min.1. Seong-woo, the South Korean government's been holding daily, weekday briefings on this issue since last Thursday. Some say it's rather unusual. Why and what's been briefed so far?Well, Jung-min, a lot to say the least there have been four of these briefings so far spanning between 30 minutes and an hour.Let me provide a summary, though, of the most important developments starting with the basic logic the Yoon administration has set forward: it's that the nation's current ban on imports of fisheries from Fukushima will not be lifted regardless of Japan's plans to start discharging the wastewater."In other words, even if the wastewater is scientifically proven to be safe, the import ban cannot be lifted unless it can be verified separately that Fukushima's fisheries are safe to consume The government won't consider lifting the import ban until the Fukushima area is scientifically proven to be safe from radiation and our people feel safe."As for the wastewater's safety itself, nuclear experts the government has consulted with have echoed the Yoon administration's analyses."Even taking uncertainties into account, it's unrealistic to think that the tritium released from the marine tunnel would fall within a range that could impact our health."And should the released wastewater reach the coastal waters of Jeju in seven months as suggested by the Helmholtz Association of German Research Centres which South Korea denies oceanographer Cho Yang-ki, comparing it to a drop of ink in the Han River, has said the concentration levels of the radioactive material there would be one-trillionth of the levels found near the shores of Fukushima.Let me add that a few weeks ago, the International Atomic Energy Agency, ahead of its soon-to-be-released comprehensive report on its review, found Japan has "demonstrated its capabilities for accurate and precise measurements of the radionuclides" present in the wastewater.2. The Korean government's been quick to respond to the main opposition DP. Why is this issue being more drawn into the political arena?That's right, Jung-min.The issue's becoming more and more politically charged by the day it seems.In fact, just yesterday, the fisheries ministry, without mentioning him by name, asked opposition chief Lee Jae-myung to refrain from using expressions like "nuclear wastewater" to refer to the contaminated water.Here's what Vice Minister Song Sang-keun said at the time."Choosing to use words like that stimulate excessive and unnecessary anxiety among the public. And the contraction in consumption that comes with it can inflict irreversible damage on fishermen and the fisheries industry as a whole."Song's comments were in response to statements Lee made over the weekend in Incheon, where he took part in an outdoor rally condemning Japan's discharge plans and the Korean government."How in the world is it reasonable to side with Japan to promote Japan and threaten to take judicial action against the voices of the people criticizing Japan?"The ruling People Power Party has lashed back at Lee with its own condemnations accusing him and the opposition of instigating public anxiety for political gains."Nuclear wastewater? What a fitting expression coming from an expert in 'linguistic wastewater.' A man who has poured unspeakably abusive language on his own relatives in the past "Now we all remember how high public concerns reached during a similar point in time the 2008 U.S. beef protests. so I'd say South Korea's regular briefings are a reflection of just how anxious the Korean public is now that the wastewater discharge is just around the corner and just how determined the Yoon administration is to reassure them that everything, for now, is moving according to plan.Heated comments on both sides of the political spectrum. We'll need to keep a close watch on what happens moving forward. Appreciate the updates, Seong-woo. Was a pleasure, Jung-min. Thank you for having me.







Gunsan Coast Guard cracks down on failure to report changes in crew members
Aiming from December 1st to 31st… 26 cases detected as of September this year Reporter Kim Hyun-jong The Gunsan Coast Guard in Jeollabuk-do will carry out a crackdown on non-reporting of changes in fishing vessel crew members from December 1st to 31st.The purpose of this crackdown on non-reporting of fishing boat crew members is to prevent rescue confusion or loss of life due to the fact that the crew members registered in the entry and exit system do not match the actual number of passengers in the event of an accident such as a fishing vessel collision or capsize.According to the Gunsan Coast Guard on the 30th, the number of cases detected for failing to report changes in crew members within the jurisdiction over the past three years was a total of 92 cases(28 cases in 2020, 50 cases in 2021, and 14 cases in 2022).In particular, there was a lack of change in awareness following voluntary reports by fishermen of changes in crew members, leading to an increasing trend with 26 cases detected as of September this year.
Accordingly, the Coast Guard plans to conduct inspections and searches by the police station's coastal rescue boats and patrol vessels to check whether the actual number of people on board matches the number of people reported in the fishing vessel entry and exit management system for fishing boats leaving and entering ports during the Japanese crackdown period.Lee Seon-mi, head of the Gunsan Coast Guard's Marine Safety Division, said, "Reporting changes in crew members is essential information for quick and accurate life-saving in the event of a marine accident," and added, "As the risk of accidents is high in winter when weather conditions are poor, fishermen voluntarily change crew members for safety." "Reporting is necessary," he urged.He added, "If there is a change in crew members, the ship owner or captain must report it by visiting the nearest Coast Guard branch or branch office or using a mobile phone."Meanwhile, in accordance with the Fishing Vessel Safety and Fishing Act, all fishing vessels, excluding fishery guidance vessels, deep-sea fishing vessels, inland water fishing vessels, and fish farm management vessels, must report changes in their entry and exit port reports.If you violate this, you will be subject to administrative measures: ▲ 1st warning, ▲ 2nd fishing suspension for 10 days, ▲ 3rd fishing suspension for 15 days.





Yeosu City secures national budget for large-scale SOC construction project for Hwatae~Baekya/Yeosu~Namhae undersea tunnel. A record high of KRW 8.4 billion, an increase from this year's KRW 730.1 billion. Stable preparations for hosting the 2026 Yeosu World Island Expo are possible by reflecting the international event project costs. Hwatae~Baekya National Highway No. 77... Gukdong Port Construction Project secures budget through increase in National Assembly to strengthen safety and fishing boats Expansion of accommodation facilities reporter goYongbae. Yeosu City in South Jeolla Province announced on the 26th that it has secured 738.5 billion won in national funds for next year under the government's sound fiscal policy, recording the highest amount ever, an increase of 8.4 billion won from this year's 730.1 billion won.According to Yeosu City, next year's government budget was passed by the National Assembly on the 21st, and 738.5 billion won was reflected in SOC, future high-tech strategic projects, agriculture and forestry/marine, and culture/tourism, thereby speeding up business promotion.In particular, the cost of preparing for the 2026 Yeosu World Island Expo international event, which was not included in the government budget, was increased by 860 million won during the National Assembly review process, and Mayor Jeong Ki-myeong visited the National Assembly several times and waged a strategic battle to secure national funds during the National Assembly review process. turned out to be a result.In the SOC field as a major national project reflected in the government budget, ▲ Yeosu Hwatae-Baekya Road Construction Project worth 68.5 billion won, ▲ Yeosu-Namhae Undersea Tunnel Construction Project worth 40 billion won, and ▲ Gyeongdo Marine Tourism Complex Access Road Opening 2 billion won are reflected in next year's projects. The implementation and completion schedule has gained momentum.Above all, by securing construction costs for the ‘Yeosu Hwatae~Baekya Road Construction’, it is expected that the early opening of the Gaedo~Baekya Island section planned in time for the 2026 Yeosu World Island Expo will be possible.Accordingly, the agriculture, forestry and maritime sectors include ▲ Yeosu Port Jonghwa-dong handmade ship maintenance project of KRW 500 million ▲ Soho District 2 coastal maintenance project of KRW 1.57 billion ▲ Special situation regional development project (4th island comprehensive development project) KRW 14.4 billion ▲ Gwangyang Port metropolitan dredged soil dump site It is expected that KRW 37.8 billion from the development project will be reflected, contributing to improving the urban landscape and residents' living environment and increasing local income.In addition, in the field of culture and tourism, ▲500 million won for the southern region wide tourism development project (beauty and spa wellness tourism base project) and ▲500 million won for the Myodo-dong Lighting Combined Naval Forces themed tourism resources development project were reflected.Projects that were increased during the National Assembly review process include ▲860 million won in project expenses required to prepare for hosting the 2026 Yeosu World Island Expo international event, ▲500 million won in feasibility study cost for establishing a CCUS cluster to establish the foundation of the Yeosu National Industrial Complex, and ▲Yeosu International Marine Tourism. Forum KRW 250 million ▲ Yeosu National Industrial Complex safety management base advancement project cost KRW 2.5 billion ▲ Gukdong Port construction basic data survey service cost KRW 1 billion to strengthen the safety of the fishing port and expand fishing boat docking facilities, etc. were newly reflected.As a result, through the smooth promotion of the Yeosu World Island Expo, the biggest pending issue in Yeosu City, a national model for sustainable island development has been established and the foundation for the establishment of a marine tourism and recreation belt on the southwest coast has been laid.In addition, the construction of Gukdong Port, Korea's largest national fishing port, which passed the preliminary feasibility study by the Ministry of Strategy and Finance last October, will begin in earnest next year, and the increase in project costs related to the Yeosu National Industrial Complex will provide momentum for the creation of future high-tech strategic industries and the foundation for fostering carbon-neutral new industries. Arrangements are expected.Yeosu Mayor Jeong Ki-myeong said, “As a result of special support for Yeosu City from the government and South Jeolla Province, and joint efforts with National Assembly members Joo Cheol-hyun and Kim Hoe-jae, and provincial and city council members to secure national funds, we achieved the result of securing the highest amount of national funds in history.” He added, “Related projects were carried out without disruption. “We will drive regional growth and proactively respond to securing national treasury for 2025,” he said. Meanwhile, efforts were made to increase the national budget, but unfortunately, for projects such as 'construction of a seafood safety center' and 'introduction of a large-capacity artillery discharge system in the Honam region', which were not reflected, we are making every effort to reflect them in the 2025 national budget through frequent visits to the central government and cooperation with local lawmakers. I plan to do everything.




HD HHI on Collision Course with Hanwha Ocean for Canadian Submarine Order
Full Steam Ahead
HD HHI and Hanwha Ocean, two arch-rivals in the Korean defense industry, are set to go head-to-head to take an 80 trillion won (US$62 billion) Canadian submarine project and a frigate order for the Korean Defense Acquisition Program Administration (DAPA).

HD HHI and Hanwha Ocean are both gearing up to compete for the Canadian Patrol Submarine Project (CPSP), according to industry sources on June 11. The Canadian Submarine Replacement Project will purchase up to 12 submarines for about 80 trillion won. It is expected to include full maintenance services and training programs.

Hanwha Ocean and HD HHI are waging a war of nerves by simultaneously signing a technical cooperation agreement with British defense firm Babcock on June 7 in order to export submarines to Canada. “The Canadian submarine project, which is expected to involve dozens of global defense companies, is virtually a competition among Korean and Japanese shipyards,” said a defense industry insider.

HD HHI and Hanwha Ocean are two rivals in the Korean defense industry. The biggest hurdle for Hanwha Group in its acquisition of Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (DSME) was its takeover of the specialty shipbuilding business to build battleships from DSME, as HD HHI did not want to see Hanwha Group become its competitor in the specialty shipbuilding business.

Competition is heating up in future ship technology, too. HD HHI is also working on the development of a Korean aircraft carrier. Although the Korean military has not decided to build an aircraft carrier, it has been under research and development for more than a decade. HD HHI began working with KAI in 2022 to develop a light aircraft carrier. Unmanned ships are also a key R&D item at HD HHI. HD HHI’s unmanned command and control ships are advanced vessels that conduct unmanned reconnaissance missions by utilizing unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), unmanned surface vessels (USVs), and unmanned underwater vehicles (UUVs).

Hanwha Ocean is developing the first joint strike ship to be introduced for the first time in Korea. Earlier this year, the company was selected by the Navy to design the concept of a joint strike ship. Joint strike ships are called a kind of maritime missile base and are expected to have Hyunmoo-2 ballistic missiles and Haesung-II fleet surface-to-surface cruise missiles. In addition, Hanwha is creating synergies with other Hanwha defense companies. Hanwha Aerospace is developing lithium battery systems for submarines and ships and gas turbine engines for warships. Lithium batteries are expected to boost submarine operational capabilities by three times compared to conventional lead acid batteries




Japan has asked the World Trade Organization (WTO) to address Korea's ban on imports of Japanese fisheries products, the government said Thursday.In a joint statement of related ministries and the Nuclear Safety and Security Commission, the government expressed regret over Tokyo's request to the WTO to intervene in Seoul's measure that were taken in September 2013.The government imposed a ban on all fisheries products from Fukushima and seven surrounding prefectures amid fears over their safety in the wake of a nuclear accident in 2011."We regret the move as we were considering whether to ease the ban to some extent," it said in a press release.Under WTO rules on dispute settlement, consultations are the first step in working out a trade dispute, with talks to begin within 30 days of the request being filed.If no agreement is reached within 60 days of the filing, the complainant can ask for the establishment of a dispute settlement panel. "During consultations, we'll fully explain to Japan that we took the measure for health and safety reasons," the government said.








 






[New Year’s Address] Taean County Governor Gasero Respected citizens!Leaving behind the eventful year of 2023, we welcome the hopeful new year of 2024, a leap forward toward the future.Thank you for your warm support over the past year, and I hope that in the new year, you will achieve great things in your work and that your family will always be blessed with health and happiness. Taean-gun achieved notable achievements in 2023 thanks to the power of its residents and the efforts of its public officials, despite difficult conditions.After three challenges, we finally secured a project cost of 26 billion won by attracting an urban regeneration contest in December, and in May, we were selected for a contest for 'creating a small-sized smart city' and secured 26.5 billion won, thereby renewing the downtown area of Taean-eup. We achieved the feat of securing a total of 50 billion won in financial resources for two projects.In addition, as the Anti-Corruption and Civil Rights Commission responded to the earnest petitions of 19,544 residents and the military's efforts, an adjustment was made to open Anheungjinseong Fortress, which had been confined in a military protection zone for 50 years, and an area of 742,198㎡ in Sakseon-ri, Taean-eup, which was a controlled protection zone, was established. There was also the joy of resolving long-standing wishes, such as downgrading the restricted protection zone and considering the complete lifting of the Baekhwasan military protection zone.In addition, the 'Additional Nutrition for the Elderly' project, which provides monthly vouchers of 100,000 won to residents over the age of 85, has been implemented since October, the construction of a new public mausoleum in Taean-gun has been completed, and the number of 19,024 units has been expanded, and a family complex community center and senior citizen center have been expanded. We also made every effort to improve the welfare of our residents, including taking the lead in building a care center.Amid these efforts, Taean-gun is preparing to open an era of happiness for its citizens by working together to secure 104.5 billion won in 2023, the largest amount since the military's restoration, through public offering projects.
Dear and respected citizens!In 2024, based on our achievements so far, we will continue our efforts for future development by focusing on fostering new industries and balanced development. For the next 100 years of Taean, we will apply for the target project for Chungcheongnam-do's ‘2nd Phase 2 Chungcheongnam-do Balanced Development Project’ through a city-county competitive contest and promote the construction of a ‘Marine Safety Drone Center’.In addition, with regard to the Taean-gun offshore wind power complex development project, we will create a path to secure groundbreaking tax revenues such as ‘creation of an integrated complex’ based on securing acceptance by residents, and we will strengthen the competitiveness of the Taean economy by taking the lead in nurturing the foundation of farming and fishing villages and recovering traditional market commercial districts.In addition, various projects to improve the quality of life of residents and create a tourism destination, such as the construction of the Gulf of California Marine Leisure Safety Education Center and the Nam-myeon Indoor Gymnasium, are being carried out without a hitch, and we are taking a step together with residents by steadily preparing for the '2026 Taean International Horticultural Healing Expo'. We will open 2024 with a new leap forward for further development.We ask for your warm affection and interest in the dynamic year of 2024 for Taean, which is developing into a hub city for the maritime economy in the Yellow Sea Rim. We once again hope that the families of our residents will be filled with love and happiness in the new year of 2024, the year of Gapjin. I sincerely wish you all the best.January 2024 Taean County Governor Gasero





Yeosu City intensively cracks down on the safety of imported seafood from Japan
Targeted at 36 imported seafood handling businesses in the region... guidance and crackdown on indication of origin of seafood, including traditional markets and large supermarkets... for 15 days from the 11th. Reporter Lee Hak-cheo. In preparation for the Chuseok holiday, Yeosu City in Jeollanam-do decided to conduct safety tests on imported marine products with country of origin labeling. According to Yeosu City on the 11th, this is to relieve citizens' anxiety about seafood and solidify consumer trust as contaminated water from Japan's Fukushima nuclear power plant is discharged into the ocean. To this end, the city plans to establish an organic cooperation system with the Yeosu branch of the National Fishery Products Quality Management Center and the Yeosu City Coast Guard and conduct intensive crackdowns on 36 businesses in the jurisdiction that distribute imported marine products from Japan before Chuseok. In addition, a joint inspection team will be organized with the seafood radioactivity response task force and the city's own country of origin labeling honorary watchdog to conduct intensive guidance and crackdown on the country of origin labeling of marine products targeting traditional markets and large supermarkets for 15 days starting on the 11th. If it is discovered that the country of origin has not been indicated during this special inspection, a fine of up to 10 million won will be imposed, and if a false label is found, the product will be subject to imprisonment of up to 7 years or a fine of up to 100 million won. Last May, in order to preemptively respond to the discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima, a seafood radioactivity response T/F team was formed and is inspecting marine products within the jurisdiction at least three times a week using four portable radioactivity measuring devices. In addition, the radioactivity test items for the seafood counters within the jurisdiction have more than doubled compared to the existing items, and a detailed test is being requested from the Mokpo Branch of the Jeollanam-do Institute of Marine and Fisheries Science. Jeong Jae-ho, head of the Fisheries and Tourism Bureau, said, “As consumption of seafood has decreased due to the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant, more thorough inspections are being required than ever before,” adding, “We will do our best to ensure the safety of seafood, including by disclosing inspection results on our website.” “He said.




Insurance experts sent to Sri Lanka to investigate cause of boat collision. By Kang Seok-jae Staff reporter Amid rescue operations for the missing North Korean seamen, two insurance experts have been dispatched to Colombo, Sri Lanka to investigate the cause of Wednesday's boat collision, said a spokesman for Hyundai Merchant Marine Co. (HMM) yesterday. The spokesman said that one of the two is a Korean marine surveyor appointed by Hyundai Maritime and Fire Insurance Co. and the other is a British surveyor dispatched by the London-based Britannia P&I (Protection and Indemnity) Club.The Hyundai Duke, which collided with a North Korean freighter in the Indian Ocean, is insured by Britannia P&I Club and Hyundai Maritime and Fire Co. Shortly after the accident, the Hyundai Duke, which suffered minor damage, rescued two North Korean seamen, but failed to find any more survivors.The 3,317-ton North Korean freighter "Manpok" was reportedly carrying 39 seamen when the accident occurred."The initial survey report on the cause of the accident is expected to come out in two to three days, but it could take some time for a complete report," said Yoo Chul, senior vice president of HMM. Yoo said the two surveyors are likely to interview Hyundai Duke crewmen and possibly the two North Korean survivors in Colombo. He said the initial survey report will shed some light on the cause of the incident.Asked about compensation for the ill-fated North Korean vessel and crewmen on board, Cha said it could only be determined after the final survey is released."At present, we have no information concerning the identities of the missing seamen on board the North Korean vessel or whether the ship is insured," Cha said, adding that his company is awaiting the official negotiation partner from the North Korean side to settle the accident."We are going to hire international legal advisors to defend our position if settlement disputes arise," Yoo said.According to international norms, the HMM official said that their respective insurance companies will settle compensatory problems stemming from material damages and human losses.Yoo said that in the case of HMM, Britannia will cover the human losses from the collision, with Hyundai Maritime and Fire Insurance taking full responsible for all damages to the vessels."When the final report comes out, then we will decide on whether we will compensate for the physical and human losses of North Korean seamen purely from the humanitarian point of view," Yoo said. Another HMM official said that the 52,000-ton Hyundai Duke containership was to arrive in Colombo Friday afternoon for repairs, which HMM believes would take one to two days. "The Hyundai Duke is carrying two North Korean seamen rescued from the accident," said Cha Jang-ho, senior vice president of HMM. To support further search and rescue operations, Cha said that HMM dispatched another merchant vessel, Hyundai Pacific Master to the collision site.Cha said that the two North Koreans will likely be handed over to the Sri Lankan government for transfer to North Korean diplomats dispatched from New Delhi.He said that the Korean government will not be involved in the process as the accident is a civilian problem.The official said that the maritime accident would not affect the Hyundai Group's economic cooperation projects, including its Mt.Kumgang tour business.HMM, the operator of Hyundai Duke, is a subsidiary of the Hyundai Group, which launced its Mt. Kumgang tour project last November and are in final negotiations with the North for further economic development projects. "Such a maritime accident is common in the oceangoing shipping business and those incidents will be treated according to international practice," Cha said, adding that it has nothing to do with its economic cooperation businesses with the North.




Gyeongsangbuk-do, ‘all-out efforts’ to relieve anxiety following the start of discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima. Gyeongsangbuk-do announced on the 23rd that it will actively promote measures to re-examine the response situation, strengthen the safety of marine products, and support fishermen in response to Japan's discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima on the 24th. Previously, North Gyeongsang Province issued a statement condemning the discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima and urging the government to prepare countermeasures ('21.4.14), and operated an advisory committee composed of experts in seafood safety and radioactivity, and a 'Fukushima contaminated water safety response task force' team. Inspection equipment for aquatic product radioactivity inspection has been expanded from 2 units (2 units in the Fisheries Technology Institute) to 4 units (3 units in the Fisheries Technology Institute, 1 unit in Pohang City) and is being inspected. It is being expanded to once a week analysis. In order to promptly provide information on the results of radioactivity analysis of marine products, the analysis results can be checked the next day through the Gyeongbuk Sea Environment Information APP, and efforts are being made to publicize the safety of aquatic products in the East Coast by operating a radiation reporting center and housewife monitoring group. In addition, in order to support the expansion of the local seafood market due to the decrease in consumption of seafood products, the Maritime and Fisheries Expo (May 31-June 2, Gyeongju Haiko) was held, the Onnuri gift certificate refund event and the 'Welcome to the Seafood Discount Event' for traditional markets in the province (Andong, Yeongdeok, Yeongdeok) , Uljin) and promoted various events to revitalize seafood consumption. In addition, Gyeongbuk-do established the ‘Fukushima Marine Discharge Measures for Contaminated Water in Fukushima’ to strengthen the safety of marine products in the east coast of Gyeongsangbuk-do for fishermen and residents in July. The main contents are strengthening and expanding the analysis of radioactivity of fish products, strengthening communication with citizens on the safety of fish products, activating the consumption of fish products with the public, supporting fishermen's management stability, and recommending measures to the central government for measures against fishermen's damage. First of all, in order to strengthen and expand radioactivity analysis of marine products, by the end of this year, radioactivity inspection equipment (gamma nuclide analysis system) will be expanded and established in five coastal cities and counties in the province, and inspection equipment (beta nuclide analysis system) that can analyze tritium will also be installed at the Fisheries Research Institute. will be built further. We are trying to ensure that only safe seafood is distributed by conducting pre-distribution inspections at the five major consignment stores in the province (Jukdo, Guryongpo live fish, Ganggu, Hupo, and Gampo). It plans to promote tight and meticulous safety management with the public and private sectors by entrusting monitoring of seawater. On the other hand, about 200 people from the Gyeongbuk Women's Association Council, 2030 Green Coalition, City County, and Fisheries Cooperative participated at the Pohang Complex Cultural Center (Deokup Hall) on the 28th to strengthen communication with residents of seafood safety, and said, “Consumers and experts work together on contaminated water from Japanese nuclear power plants. Held a “seafood safety diagnosis seminar” to find out. In order to secure the trust of the residents, we plan to hold an observation event on the 25th to directly check the sample collection and inspection process of the ‘fishery product safety housewives monitoring group’ to inform the safety of marine products in the province. Promote the “Welcome to the Seafood Discount Event” to support discount coupons that can be used at traditional markets in the province and the “Onnuri Gift Certificate Refund Event” with the government to promote consumption of seafood products in connection with various events for local festivals and holidays business will be carried out. In addition, in order to support fishermen's business stability, the "fishery management fund interest emergency support project" (approximately KRW 900 million), which provides part of the loan interest to fishermen who are expected to be damaged due to the discharge of contaminated water, will be organized and supported in the second supplementary budget this year. plan. In the future, we are also preparing a project to subsidize some of the radiation inspection costs to aquaculture farms and fishery food processing and production companies. Expansion of major fishery products in the province, such as flatfish, farmed rockfish, and gangster legs, into government stockpiling items, postponement of repayment of fisheries policy funds (English funds, formulated feed, etc.), interest reduction, compensation for fishery loss, and special disaster support funds It plans to actively propose to the central government the enactment of the 'Special Act on Measures for Damage from Contaminated Water at the Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant' in cooperation with other cities and provinces. Cheol-woo Lee, Governor of North Gyeongsang Province, said, “We will constantly monitor the impact on the local economy that may occur due to the discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima, and respond by concentrating all our provincial government capabilities to overcome the health and safety of citizens and the decline in consumption of marine products.” I will actively work on communication.”




On the 9th, POSCO announced that it had transferred the sea forest created in Namyangri, Ulleungdo to Ulleung-gun.As the sea forest that POSCO created in Namyang-ri, Ulleung-gun three years ago produced tangible results, such as seaweeds growing luxuriantly and young fish crowded, the sea forest was transferred to Ulleung-gun, the local government in charge. To commemorate Sea Arbor Day, which was designated as May 10, the decision was made to relocate ahead of that date.About 20 people attended the ceremony, including the mayor of Ulleung-gun in the South Korean region, Lee Hee-geun, head of POSCO's Safety and Environment Headquarters, Koh Dong-joon, head of the Environment and Energy Research Center at the Pohang Institute of Industrial Science (RIST), as well as the Fisheries Resources Research Institute of Gyeongsangbuk-do Province, Namyang-ri fishing village chief and fishermen.At the event, the results of the sea forest creation project were highlighted, and 30,000 juveniles of the kingfisher, sponsored by the Gyeongsangbuk-do Fisheries Resources Research Institute, were released to the sea forest site. The fry released on this day were produced by the Gyeongsangbuk-do Fisheries Resources Research Institute to recover fish resources and preserve the ecosystem, and healthy seeds were selected and provided after an infectious disease test.
Lee Hee-geun, head of POSCO's safety and environment division, said, "POSCO will continue to cooperate by utilizing our technology in a way that can contribute to the local community as a corporate citizen."The mayor of Ulleung-gun in South Korea said, “It gives me strength because POSCO is interested in the whitening of the sea and the decrease in fishery resources in Ulleungdo’s sea and is working to restore the ecosystem.” We hope that regional cooperation projects will continue,” he said.In May 2020, POSCO installed 100 Triton* artificial reefs and 750 Triton blocks underwater in the offing of Namyang-ri, southern Ulleungdo, creating a sea forest of about 0.4 ha. 100 Tritons are installed at the edge of the sea forest to grow algae, and 750 Triton blocks are piled up like a mountain in the center to serve as habitats and spawning grounds for fish.For the past three years, POSCO has been managing the sea forest with special attention, including regular ecological monitoring and seaweed transplantation. In September 2020, due to the super typhoons 'Mysak' and 'Hiseon' that hit Ulleungdo in succession, most of the algae transplanted to the artificial reefs suffered great damage, such as dropping off. After making efforts to restore the area, such as test application, in March of this year, it succeeded in creating a sea forest with 100% algae coverage.In particular, through the creation of the sea forest in Ulleungdo, the biomass of seaweeds such as Ecklonia and japonica in the Namyangri sea forest increased more than 40 times compared to the initial period of creation, and the number of seaweed species increased from the initial 10 species to more than 18 species. In addition, numerous schools of fish such as stone bream, bream, and rockfish are inhabiting, showing a variety of ecological restoration effects.Steel slag, the main material of Triton used by POSCO in sea forests, has a higher content of minerals such as calcium and iron, which are useful for the marine ecosystem, than general aggregates, and has the effect of promoting algae growth and photosynthesis. It not only restores fishery resources in the damaged marine ecosystem in a short period of time, but also contributes to the preservation of biodiversity.Meanwhile, in recognition of POSCO’s efforts to protect the marine ecosystem through the creation of the Triton sea forest, on April 30, at the International Corporate Citizenship Conference (ICCC) held by the Boston College affiliated Corporate Citizenship Research Center, POSCO For the first time, it was selected as the recipient of the Eco-Innovator award.In the future, POSCO plans to promote the restoration of the marine ecosystem and increase the income of fishermen through activities such as creating sea forests using Triton and developing eco-friendly sea fertilizer using steel slag.




Due to the change of route at Gunsan Port in Jeonbuk and the establishment of additional anchorages, some of the 'water areas requiring permission for marine leisure activities' have been lifted, expanding the scope for enjoying healthy marine leisure activities.On the 11th, the Gunsan Maritime Police Station said, "In consideration of recent changes in the sea environment and maritime traffic conditions, etc., the 'Announcement of Areas Requiring Permission for Marine Leisure Activities' for some areas that do not impede maritime safety will be revised and implemented from the 12th." revealed As a result, ▲ route from Gunsan Port to Gunsan Port and anchorage where ships anchor and anchor (A0-A4) ▲ Designate from the entrance to Noneung Port (outside the area prohibited for water leisure) to the sea in front of the Korea Maritime and Ocean Boy Scouts, and allow the rest of the area released from water bodies.The revised 'Announcement of Areas Requiring Permission for Marine Leisure Activities' has been carried out since November of last year through procedures such as listening to on-site opinions, legal inquiries, request for review, and administrative notice.In order to engage in water and underwater leisure activities such as ▲ skin diving ▲ scuba diving ▲ motor boat ▲ rowing ▲ kayak ▲ canoe ▲ jet surfer within ports, inlets and water areas designated as areas requiring permission for marine leisure activities, permission from the head of the Korea Coast Guard is obtained in advance. should receive Under the current Maritime Safety Act, if you are caught engaging in leisure activities without permission in the waters requiring permission, a fine of up to 3 million won will be imposed.Chief Lee Chul-woo (Chief Superintendent) of Gunsan Maritime Police Station said, "To encourage marine leisure activities, some sea areas without obstruction to maritime traffic have been lifted from areas requiring permission." he begged."When sailing across a route where ships such as large merchant ships frequently depart and enter ports, marine leisure activities that do not obstruct the course and do not pay attention to safety have a high risk of accidents, and if accidents occur, large-scale human casualties may result." He added, "Please pay special attention so that there is no obstacle to maritime traffic in the waters near Gunsan Port."On the other hand, in 2019, the Coast Guard expanded the scope of Gunsan Port's port area into a 'marine leisure activity permit-requiring area' and operated it by changing the route of Gunsan Port and adding an anchorage.







Marine products in Chungcheongnam-do ahead of release of radioactively contaminated water 'still safe'. While Japan is about to release radioactively contaminated water, South Chungcheong Province conducted safety inspections on marine products produced or traded in the province. Chungcheongnam-do Fisheries Resources Research Institute (hereinafter referred to as the Research Institute) started the inspection, and this inspection was conducted on marine products at the pre-production and trade stages, and all of the inspection results were found to be 'suitable', the South Chungcheong Province announced on the 6th. This survey was conducted at 28 fish farms and 12 consignments, covering 16 cases of fish such as flounder, 18 cases of mollusks such as octopus, 2 cases of crustaceans such as chestnut crab, 3 cases of shellfish such as oysters, and 21 cases of seaweed such as water laver, for a total of 57 cases. , heavy metals, organic contaminants, radioactivity, etc., were conducted according to the 'Standards and Specifications for Food'. Since 2014, the research institute, which has been conducting harmful substance investigations such as antibiotics on 1,373 cases of marine products produced in the province, is strengthening its investigation with the goal of 250 investigations this year. In particular, in relation to the marine discharge of radioactively contaminated water in Japan, radiation investigations were strengthened by expanding the target not only to marine products caught in the sea surface but also to marine products produced in inland waters. Chungcheongnam-do announced that it will strengthen the management of facilities with a history of non-conformity along with measures such as delaying shipment, conversion of use, and disposal of non-conforming marine products that violate safety standards.




6 Chinese Sailors Missing in Boat Collision With Korean Freighter. Six Chinese crew members were missing and two were rescued Monday after their fishing boat collided with a South Korean bulk carrier and capsized in international waters, the Korean Coast Guard said.The Chinese fishing boat, Lujiao Yu, overturned 175 km off Mara Island, south of South Korea's resort island of Jeju, at 8:45 a.m., after it collided with the Korean freighter, the Panbless, said Kim Hyeong-wook, an official of the Jeju Coast Guard.The 16,400-ton Korean carrier rescued two Chinese sailers who were hanging onto the boat, while six others aboard the ship were still missing, Kim said.Rescue efforts were under way with two guard vessels dispatched to the scene, said the Jeju Coast Guard in a press release. The cause of the collision was not immediately known. The Panbless, owned by Korea's Pumyang Shipping Co. and with 22 crew members aboard, was heading for Vietnam after departing from Russia on Saturday. The Chinese vessel from Qingdao was operating in international waters outside South Korea's exclusive economic zone, the official said.




FERRY COLLISION

A handout photo released by the Philippine Coast Guard (PCG) on 18 August 2013 shows a PCG rescuer carrying a baby following a collision between a passenger ferry and a cargo ship off Cebu province, central Philippines on 16 August 2013. Divers on 18 August retrieved bodies from a sunken ferry in the central Philippines, bringing to 37 the death toll in the accident, the military and coast guard said. Eighty-two people were still missing and feared trapped inside the MV St. Thomas Aquinas ferry, which sank on 16 August after colliding with a cargo ship off the port of Cebu province, 580 kilometers south of Manila.




The Yeosu Marine Police Station announced that one person died and 12 were injured in a series of marine accidents overnight.According to the Yeosu Coast Guard on the 13th, at 10:06 p.m. the previous day, Captain B (84 years old) of the 0.6-ton fishing vessel A (1 crew member) was at sea 50 meters in front of Gwangyeong Port, Gwangyang-si, and her children were reported by the Coast Guard because they did not answer the phone and did not come home.After receiving the report, the Yeosu Coast Guard identified the location of the fishing boat and dispatched a security vessel and rescue team. As a result, fishing boat A was found with its anchor down and only traces of fishing were found, while Mr. A sea and land search was launched.Mr. B was found in Ganchulyeo, about 920m offshore from the accident ship A, by a private marine rescue ship that was conducting a search, and was quickly handed over to the 119 rescue team, but unfortunately he died.Also, at 11:47 pm on the same day, a 9.77-ton fishing boat C (2 crew members, 16 passengers) and a 4.99-ton fishing boat D (2 crew members) collided in the sea about 5.5 km west of Sangbaek Island, Yeosu-si. The traffic control center (VTS) discovered the accident during monitoring and recognized the accident.After reporting the accident, the Yeosu Coast Guard dispatched a patrol vessel and confirmed that 12 members of the fishing boat crew complained of back pain and bruises, and that the fishing boat crew members suffered no damage.
Parts of the hulls of both ships were slightly damaged in the collision, but they were able to sail under their own power. After entering the port safely with the safety escort of a security ship, the patients were handed over to the 119 emergency service.An official from the Yeosu Coast Guard said, “We plan to conduct an autopsy to determine the exact circumstances of the accident involving a single-person fishing accident. As the collision between a fishing boat and a fishing boat is presumed to have been caused by careless navigation, we plan to conduct an investigation into the captain and passengers.” “It is,” he said.






 






Dr. Kim Yong-ok criticizes “Japan’s Fukushima contaminated water... worse than what started the Pacific War”.“Japan must agree to save all humans around the world!”-Publisher Moon Il-suk. The world of modern society is globalized. If one country destroys the Earth, all of humanity will suffer. This is especially true of environmental issues. Japan has begun discharging radioactive nuclear waste from the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant into the ocean (as of August 3, 2023, the amount of contaminated water stored in the Fukushima water tank amounts to 1,343,227㎥). In relation to this, the author pays attention to the point made by the environmental organization Greenpeace (Greenpeace is an independent international environmental organization born in 1971 that campaigns in a peaceful manner through non-violent direct action for global environmental protection and peace). Greenpeace has strongly pointed out that the discharge of nuclear waste into the ocean is causing damage to people around the world. Greenpeace said in a statement dated April 16, 2023, “The Group of Seven major countries (G7) concluded the environmental ministerial meeting held in Sapporo, Japan for two days on April 15 and 16, and adopted the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) safety standards and international law. “We issued a joint statement in support of Japan’s plan to discharge contaminated water from Fukushima, within reasonable limits,” he said, adding, “The G7 has effectively tolerated the long-term ocean discharge of radioactive nuclear waste, which is unprecedented in history.” Greenpeace, an international environmental group, expressed “deep regret” that the G7 made political decisions that were not based on science and international law. Greenpeace has actively opposed the discharge of radioactive nuclear waste into the ocean. Regarding the reason for this, “Tokyo Electric Power Company of Japan claimed that radioactive materials in contaminated water are being treated well through the Polynuclide Removal System (ALPS), but this is not true.” “The ‘internationally safe level of contaminated water treatment’ claimed by the IAEA and Tokyo Electric Power Company is only a plan and goal, and there is no objective verification that ALPS treatment and dilution will proceed as targeted,” he said. Another reason is, “Tokyo Electric Power Company says it will complete the discharge of contaminated water within 30 years, but it is difficult to complete even beyond this century. IAEA and Tokyo Electric Power Company plan to end discharge of contaminated water within 30 years. However, this is based on a plan to treat, dilute, and discharge contaminated water, which currently amounts to about 1.3 million tons, over 30 years. In reality, it is highly likely that the discharge of contaminated water will continue until the Fukushima nuclear power plant is decommissioned. Due to the nature of the Fukushima nuclear power plant site, the amount of contaminated water is increasing by 100 tons every day due to groundwater inflow, and it is necessary to continuously inject cooling water to cool the nuclear fuel remaining in the three damaged reactors,” he said. “If decommissioning takes half a century, the period for discharging contaminated water into the ocean is He pointed out the problem that “contrary to Tokyo Electric Power Company’s goals, it is bound to increase, and the surrounding marine ecosystem may also be exposed to long-term risks.” For this other reason, the National Association of Oceanographic Laboratories, with more than 100 organizations, issued a joint statement in December 2022, saying, 'Dilution of contaminated water is a biological process in which radioactive materials in contaminated water accumulate or combine organically in living organisms or accumulate on the seafloor. He pointed out that this is a measure that does not fundamentally consider the fact that the process could threaten the benthic ecosystem. At the same time, he warned, ‘Because some radionuclides contained in contaminated water affect the metabolic pathways of living things, such as DNA or specific tissues and organs, they may also threaten the health of humans who consume marine life through the food chain.’” I made a statement. Citing these various reasons, it was pointed out one by one that it is a threat to human health. The same was true of Greenpeace's response, which came out just before Japan began discharging radioactive nuclear waste from the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant into the ocean. In a statement dated August 22nd, Greenpeace criticized, “The announcement of the discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima is a joint product of the irresponsibility of the Japanese government and the assistance of the Korean government.” In this statement, “We sternly warn against the Korean government’s aiding and abetting actions by overlooking the potential risk of damage that the release of radioactive pollutants can cause transnationally and failing to exercise the rights of neighboring countries guaranteed by international law in relation to preventing the release of radioactive pollutants.” The Korean government's attitude toward Fukushima contaminated water clearly reflects the nuclear power plant's neglect of safety. The ocean discharge of radioactive waste generated from a nuclear power plant accident is unprecedented on Earth and can pose a serious risk to the marine ecosystem and the safety of humanity. “It is an act that threatens the right to survival of Japanese fishermen as well as residents of related countries along the Pacific coast, and is a violation of international maritime law,” he stated. In an article published by Yonhap News on August 22nd titled “Greenpeace “Japan’s discharge of contaminated water is an irreversible disaster,” the environmental group Greenpeace said, “Greenpeace, an environmental group, criticized the Japanese government’s decision to discharge contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant into the sea from August 24th.” “Greenpeace issued a statement on August 22nd saying, ‘The discharge of radioactive waste generated from a nuclear power plant accident into the ocean is unprecedented on earth and threatens the safety of the marine ecosystem and humanity. “It could cause serious danger,” the report said, adding, “It is an act that threatens the right to survival of Japanese fishermen as well as residents of related countries along the Pacific coast and is a violation of international maritime law.” In relation to this, Sean Burney, expert member of the UN Human Rights Council, said, “It is an act that violates the basic human rights of people in Fukushima and surrounding regions, and furthermore, the Asia Pacific region, and it must be stopped.” Dr. Kim Yong-ok appeared on 'Doul TV' and criticized Japan's decision to dump Fukushima nuclear power plant nuclear wastewater into the sea, saying, "Japan's decision to dump the nuclear wastewater from the Fukushima nuclear power plant has eliminated the reason for the existence of philosophy," and added, "It is more vicious and terrible than Japan starting the Pacific War." . Japan must agree to save all humans around the world.




[Break News Southern Gyeonggi = Suwon Reporter Lee Gwi-seon] Suwon Special Mayor Lee Jae-jun said, “We will do our best to protect citizens’ ‘safe meals’ by significantly strengthening safety inspections of marine products in agricultural and marine product wholesale markets.” Mayor Lee Jae-jun posted a post on his personal SNS (Facebook) on August 31 and announced the response, saying, “Suwon City has been preparing countermeasures even before Japan discharged nuclear contaminated water into the ocean.” He also said, “I will closely understand the difficulties faced by retailers and small business owners related to seafood and find ways to help them.” Suwon City has been conducting ‘radiation safety tests’ once a month since August on marine products distributed at the Suwon City Agricultural and Marine Products Wholesale Market, which used to be conducted once a quarter. Radioactivity safety testing is to check whether radioactive substances such as iodine and cesium are detected above the standard level. Samples for inspection of marine products are collected and submitted to the Agricultural and Marine Product Safety Inspection Center of the Gyeonggi Province Health and Environment Research Institute. The agricultural and marine product wholesale market has been conducting safety tests on distributed marine products since January 2014, and so far, all have been judged ‘compliant’. A simple test using a simple radioactivity meter (T401) is performed every day. In the simple test, if the standard exceeds 3cps (cps: the measurement unit of total radiation signals generated per second), distribution is immediately stopped and a detailed test is requested to the Gyeonggi Provincial Health and Environment Research Institute. Mayor Lee Jae-jun said, “There will be no radioactive unsuitable seafood on our children’s lunch tables,” and promised, “We will conduct radiation safety tests on all seafood included in school meals, including domestic seafood.” Currently, Japanese marine products are excluded from the purchasing stage of ingredients for kindergarten, elementary, middle, and high school lunches. We plan to strengthen inspection of country of origin labeling of all marine products distributed in Suwon City. The country of origin labeling of marine products sold at agricultural and marine product wholesale markets is inspected daily, and marine products sold in traditional markets, raw fish restaurants, restaurants, etc. are monitored on a regular basis by mobilizing personnel to inspect the country of origin labeling. Mayor Lee Jae-jun said, “Citizen safety is the reason for the existence of the administration,” and added, “I will ensure that the wishes of citizens who want to feed their families the safest food are fully respected.”




Incheon City announced on the 21st that it will conduct the '2023 Citizen Participation Social Disaster Preparedness Training', a regular disaster preparedness training, at the City Hall Disaster and Safety Situation Room in cooperation with 11 organizations including Jung-gu, Incheon Marine Police Station, Fire Department Headquarters, Jungbu Fire Station, and Incheon Port Authority.According to Incheon City, fish farms and fishing grounds are distributed throughout about 160 islands in Incheon City, and port facilities (inner port, north port, etc.) where about 20,000 ships pass annually are concentrated, so when maritime accidents occur, such as the 2007 Taean oil spill accident, There are concerns about the same great damage.This training is conducted to respond to the ‘large-scale oil spill caused by the Sowolmido ship collision accident’, assuming a collision accident between a cargo ship and an oil tanker among the many ships entering and exiting Incheon Port.In particular, in this training, the Incheon Marine Police Station, Fire Department Headquarters, Central Fire Department, and Incheon Maritime Area Defense Command, all participating in the maritime rescue force, inspected the collaboration system for situation propagation, citizen rescue within golden time, and first-aid activities, while also inspecting problems in crisis situations. It is characterized by the goal of discussing solution methods and strengthening the ability of organizations and individuals to perform disaster response missions.In addition, in preparation for the occurrence of large-scale marine pollution, we inspect the marine pollution response missions assigned to related organizations such as Incheon City, Jung-gu, Incheon Coast Guard, and Incheon Port Authority, and provide administrative measures, mobilization equipment, and necessary personnel and supplies necessary to resolve the accident. discuss, etc.As a follow-up measure, livelihood support measures such as medical care and accident compensation support for domestic and foreign casualties, and business rights for damaged fish farms and fishermen, which were not covered in the training so far, will also be discussed as if it were a real situation.

 






SEOUL, Sept. 16 (Yonhap) -- The government said Monday that it will kick off a service used to determine the locations of shipwrecks via text messages later this week. The Ministry of Interior and Safety and Korea Coast Guard have jointly developed the service, dubbed Marine Accident Location Text Notification Service."We tested the service last month, and will launch it on Tuesday," the ministry said.According to the service, smartphone users who are shipwrecked can send distress messages to the coast guard, which in turn, send them reply messages containing an URL address. Then the stranded people just click the URL address to automatically send information on their locations -- latitude, longitude and coordinates.Till now, the coast guard has gotten such information via Hae (sea) Road, a maritime safety app, or GPS, which have inconveniences or information errors."Any smartphone user will now be able to use the new service without downloading the app when they have marine accidents," the ministry said.The number of shipwrecks rose from 2,740 in 2015 to 2,839 in 2016, 3,160 in 2017 and 3,434 last year as water leisure activities, including sea fishing, gradually gain popularity.







Freighter, Oil Tanker Collision Cause Oil Spill Off Busan. An 80,000-ton freighter collided with an oil tanker today, spilling an undisclosed amount oil into the water off the port of Busan.According to Coast Guard officials, the collision occurred at about 2:20 p.m. as the freighter approached the oil tanker to replenish its fuel, opening a large hole, about 20 centimeters by 30 centimeters, in the hull of the cargo ship, from which fuel oil gushed out.Emergency actions were taken to stop the oil spill but an oil slick about 800 meters wide was found formed on the water.The oil spill was stopped three hours later.Officials are investigating the exact cause of the accident.




The joint team of prosecutors and police investigating the cause of the Sewol sinking has requested arrest warrants for two senior officials of the ferry's operator, Chonghaejin Marine. A marine operations director surnamed Ahn and a logistics team leader identified only as Kim are suspected of loading the ferry with too much cargo despite knowing the associated safety risks. Kim allegedly tried to tamper with computer data on the Sewol's cargo volume upon hearing news of the accident. The joint team in Mokpo has been looking into whether cargo overloading and illegal redesigning of the ship may be responsible for the disaster.




South Korea will introduce stronger measures, including naval gunfire and shock tactics, to combat illegal Chinese fishing in its waters, the government said Tuesday.The measures also involve the active usage of force and firearms such as cannons and crew-served weapons to deal with unauthorized vessels poaching in Korean waters, the government announced after an emergency meeting held at the government complex in Seoul earlier in the day.The move comes after a Chinese fishing vessel attacked and sank a Korean speed boat Friday, putting South Korean authorities under fire for their passive and ineffective response.A 100-plus ton Chinese fishing ship deliberately rear-ended a 4.5-ton Korean patrol boat as it was caught during the coastguard’s raid of illegal fishing, in waters off Incheon on the western side of the peninsula, the Korea Coast Guard said Sunday.While the marine guards are allowed to use personal weapons such as K-1 rifles and K-5 handguns, they only fired a couple of shots in the air for threat purposes during the incident.An official from the Ministry of Public Safety and Security speaks during press briefing on Tuesday. (The Ministry of Public Safety and Security)
The Foreign Ministry summoned the Chinese ambassador Tuesday to protest the ramming.Assistant Foreign Minister Kim Hyeong-jin called in Chinese Ambassador to Korea Qiu Guohong to his office in Seoul to denounce the incident and ask for efforts to prevent its recurrence, the Foreign Ministry said.The government condemned and showed regret over the incident Sunday, when the regional deputy director-general of the ministry asked the Chinese consul general to come to his office and showed him a video of the attack scene.“We expect Korea to deal the problem rationally with regional peace and bilateral relations in mind,” China’s Foreign Ministry spokesman said, adding its government is investigating the case.There have been calls within the nation for stronger action to be taken about illegal fishing boats which, at times, have sparked violent incidents.“There is no reason to refrain (from) the usage of weapons against these outlaw anglers,” Rep. Chung Jin-suk of the ruling Saenuri Party said Monday. “We will review organizing a new marine safety headquarters and reinforce facilities.”The Chinese boats that attacked South Korea’s authorities are currently on the wanted list in collaboration with the Chinese authorities.According to statistics, 50,022 Chinese fishing vessels have trespassed in South Korean waters, with only 43 of them arrested, the Central Regional Headquarters Korea Coast Guard said.






Incheon Coast Guard inspects the implementation status of maritime facility national safety inspection Inspection of 6 cases pointed out in the second half of 2021 marine facility safety inspection-Break News Incheon Reporter Park Sang-do The Incheon Maritime Police Station (Chief Sang-chun Park) conducted an implementation status check from February 21st to March 25th as a follow-up measure to the points pointed out during the national safety inspection for oil storage facilities in the second half of 2021.This inspection was conducted last year at 32 places including oil storage facilities and loading and unloading facilities with a capacity of 300㎘ or higher, and 6 cases for which improvement measures were not completed out of 3 areas such as defects in safety facilities, non-compliance with safety rules, and improvement of marine pollution emergency plans. This was done to check the implementation.As a result of the inspection, 2 cases, such as corrosion of handrails, that can be implemented immediately were completed, and 4 cases requiring large budget input such as replacement of oil pipelines and oil storage tanks are currently in progress, encouraging early implementation.
In addition, to prevent marine pollution accidents, he urged them to refrain from supplying and supplying oil during inclement weather and vulnerable times.Kim Jong-pil, head of the Marine Pollution Control Division, said, “As the Serious Disaster Punishment Act has been enforced, we plan to continue conducting guidance and inspection and monitoring to prevent safety accidents from occurring at marine facilities.”






New Service Reduces Network LatencySK Telecom (SKT) has launched the first 5G edge cloud service in Korea, in collaboration with Amazon Web Services (AWS).Using AWS Wavelength at the edge of the 5G multi-access edge computing (MEC) networks, the new service, dubbed SKT 5GX Edge, enables customers to build mobile applications that require ultra-low latency.With SKT 5GX Edge, applications are connected to ‘AWS Wavelength Zones,’ which are located at the edge of SKT’s 5G network, making it unnecessary for application traffic to hop through regional aggregation sites and the Internet. This reduces the network latency and thus maximizes the benefits of the 5G network.SKT 5GX Edge with AWS Wavelength will enable SKT’s enterprise customers and developers to build innovative services in areas including machine learning, Internet of Things (IoT), video games and streaming using the familiar AWS services, APIs, and tools they already use today.SKT and AWS began operating the first AWS Wavelength Zone in Korea in Daejeon and plan to expand the infrastructure to other areas including Seoul in 2021.SKT has collaborated with AWS since February this year to deploy AWS Wavelength Zones on SKT’s 5G network and worked with 20 enterprise customers to test the service for technological perfection.SKT and AWS have been making efforts to improve operational stability of autonomous robots and efficiency in remote monitoring and control. Together with Woowa Brothers, the operator of food delivery app ‘Baedal Minjok,’ the two companies have completed tests of applying the 5G MEC service to outdoor food delivery robot Dilly Drive. Meanwhile, work continues with local robotics company Robotis to test run autonomous robots in the 5G cloud environment.The two companies have also signed an agreement with Shinsegae I&C and Maxst to build an Augmented Reality (AR) navigation and guidance system in Coex Starfield, a large-scale shopping mall in Seoul. They are also working on potential use of the 5G cloud service with Deep Fine, an AR glass solution developer, and Dabeeo, a spatial recognition service provider. With the National IT Industry Promotion Agency (NIPA), SKT has launched an open lab to develop realistic contents optimized for the 5G network and to promote the growth of the related ecosystem.Collaboration is also ongoing with Looxid Labs, a provider of real-time analysis for eye-gaze tracking and brain wave data, to develop services on the 5G MEC for a senior citizen center in Busan.As part of efforts to unlock new values of 5G ultra-low latency, SKT and AWS have worked with diverse companies across various industries. To explore the possibility of using the 5G cloud service for real-time communication between autonomous vehicles and their peripheral environments, they worked with Seadronix, a company that delivers monitoring systems for ship loading, and Gint, an agricultural tech startup.Furthermore, SKT and AWS are actively cooperating in the area of non-face-to-face services as demand grows due to the pandemic. The two companies have been working with video conferencing solution provider Gooroomee to build an environment where two-way video conferencing and remote education services are provided without delay, and have realized a service with a latency of less than 100 milliseconds for multiple simultaneous sessions.“With AWS Wavelength on SKT’s 5G network, customers in South Korea can develop applications that take advantage of ultra-low latencies to address use cases like machine learning inference at the edge, smart cities and smart factories, and autonomous vehicles – all while using the same familiar AWS services, API, and tools to deploy them to 5G networks worldwide,” said Matt Garman, vice president of sales and marketing, AWS.“In collaboration with AWS, SK Telecom has successfully integrated private 5G and edge cloud. By leveraging this new technology, we will lead the efforts to create and expand innovative business models in game, media services, logistics, and manufacturing industries,” said Ryu Young-sang, president of MNO at SK Telecom.Kim Eun-jincontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Pohang Coast Guard, public and private joint coastal and underwater purification activities Pohang Maritime Police Station (Chief Han Sang-cheol) announced on the 8th that in commemoration of the 21st International Coastal Cleanup Day, it has conducted a joint coastal and underwater cleanup activity to create a clean sea free of marine debris.This cleanup activity was carried out in strict compliance with the Corona 19 quarantine guidelines by selecting two areas near Igari Simple Beach and Jukcheon Port breakwater by investigating places with a lot of marine debris with the Honorary Marine Environment Guard and others.Earlier, on the 5th, the Pohang Coast Guard and the Bukpo Port Youth Chamber conducted a clean-up activity at Aigari Simple Beach, and on the 8th, the Pohang Coast Guard, the POSCO Clean Ocean Volunteer Corps, Pohang Steelers, the Korea Maritime Environment Corporation, Pohang Branch, Korea Maritime Rescue About 2.5 tons of coastal and underwater marine debris such as waste nets, ropes, and plastics were collected with the participation of a total of 63 organizations, organizations, and companies from six organizations, including the Gyeongbuk branch of the Association and the Honorary Marine Environment Monitoring Service.An official from the Pohang Maritime Police Station said, “As marine debris continues to occur and flow into the sea, which is the home of fishermen, threatening the safety of ships and the marine environment. please,” he said.




To Allow People to Virtually Experience Entire Shipbuilding ProcessDaewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (DSME) engineers compare an actual ship with the virtual vessel visualized through a mixed reality (MR) system.Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (DSME) announced on Nov. 4 that it has developed the industry's first integrated mixed reality-based vessel platform "DW-3000F Surface Vessel MR System," which combines the advantages of virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR).The MR system allows people to virtually experience the entire shipbuilding process from marketing to design, production, maintenance and crew training for technology transfer.When a ship salesperson turns on a tablet PC at the meeting with a client, a virtual vessel appears in front of them. Then the screen shows weapons systems applicable to the vessel, allowing the client to choose specifications. In addition, the client can choose the engine room equipment for the vessel in the same way. DSME said its clients showed high satisfaction with the MR system, as they could easily check operation procedures and maintenance procedures for major vessel equipment.The technology can come in handy for designers and workers at all times at production sites. In particular, it is expected to reduce shipbuilding costs and prevent safety accidents by preventing repeated problems and risk factors during shipbuilding work.Meanwhile, DSME filed a patent application for the newly built platform in September and is preparing to register it.Jung Min-heepr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Sunken Sewol ferry emerges, shows no sign of collision

The Sewol ferry is lying on its port side on a semi-submersible ship on Sunday southwest of Jindo, an island in South Jeolla. The ferry was raised completely out of the water a day earlier, nearly three years since it sank and took 304 lives, most of them high school students on a field trip.

The Sewol ferry rose from the water in one piece on Saturday evening, showing itself in full view to the families of the 304 victims, nine of whom are still missing, for the first time in nearly three years.

Lying on its port side on a semi-submersible ship, as it did for 1,072 days on the seabed 44 meters (144 feet) below the water’s surface, the ferry was scratched and corroded but showed no signs of a collision on its exterior, though much of its structures on the prow and deck appeared destroyed or missing.

One of the alleged causes of the ferry’s capsizing was that it collided with a submarine or a heavy object underwater.

The ferry also showed more than 100 holes in its exterior punctured during the salvaging process. It had two long vertical gashes on its port side, descending from the prow.

The Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries said nothing can be confirmed until investigations commence when the ferry reaches land.

The 6,825-ton ferry capsized off Jindo, an island in South Jeolla, on April 16, 2014. It was carrying 476 people, 304 of whom, mostly high school students on a field trip, died. Nine bodies are still unaccounted for and are believed to be inside the ship.

On Thursday, the ferry broke the surface of the water after being pulled up by two jacking barges for a day and by Friday was hoisted 13 meters out of the water and towed toward a semi-submersible ship waiting nearby.

It was placed on the semi-submersible ship around midnight, disconnected from the jacking barges, and was completely out of the water at 9:15 p.m. Saturday.

Workers continued to try to deplete the ferry of leftover seawater and oil on Sunday. After this work is complete and the ferry is further fastened to the ship, it is expected to leave for Mokpo, South Jeolla, on Tuesday at the earliest.

“It may take some three to five days of taking out the seawater and oil left inside the ship and getting it ready to depart for Mokpo New Port,” said Lee Cheol-jo, head of the Sewol salvaging committee of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries, in a press conference on Saturday.

“The process of depleting the water and oil will be conducted as slowly as possible, because doing it quickly could lead to losses in the articles and properties of the victims,” said Hwang Dae-sik, secretary general of the Maritime Rescue and Salvage Association. “Once the ferry reaches land, it will be investigated to determine the cause of its capsizing, so there is a need to minimize any human intervention to the state of the ship.”

The semi-submersible ship carrying the ferry is expected to travel at some 4 to 5 knots or some 10 kilometers (6.2 miles) per hour, which means it will take about 10 hours to reach the Mokpo New Port once it departs.

The ferry, weighing some 10,000 tons altogether with cargoes and sediments will then be hauled onto a dry dock using a type of modular transporter.

The ferry lying on its port side on the semi-submersible ship showed 126 holes, punctured by Shanghai Salvage, a state-run Chinese company working with the Oceans Ministry in hoisting the ferry out of the water using the “tandem lifting” method.

The ministry had explained that the holes were necessary as part of the salvaging process, and that workers had installed nets on or around the ferry to prevent articles or bodies from getting lost in the sea.

The ministry said it may puncture some more on the bottom of the ferry to draw out remaining water, adding that these areas are not connected to the cabins where the bodies or articles of the dead are expected to be.

A 160-meter by 200-meter mesh-fence that is 3 meters high was also installed on the seabed around the ferry in April.

Once the ferry reaches port and is safely fastened, the Oceans Ministry with Shanghai Salvage will begin underwater investigations at the seabed where the ferry used to lie. Divers will be dispatched to search within the fence, and the area will be divided into 40 sections and searched thoroughly one by one. Each will be searched four times, according to the ministry.

But some raised questions that an opening on the ferry’s port side remained immersed in water as it was towed for a few kilometers to the semi-submersible ship.

“The opening was at the cargo section of the ferry, and it’s unlikely that a victim’s body could have been there,” Lee said. “We didn’t know when we were lifting the ferry from the seabed that the ramp was open because the ferry was lying on its port side.”

This opening was partly visible as the ferry lay on the semi-submersible ship on Sunday, and a car and an excavator could be seen stuck at the opening.

Once the ferry is successfully fastened at the port in Mokpo, investigations into the cabins will commence.

“We may cut into the cabins from the outside in searching for the missing bodies,” said Yoon Hag-bae, vice minister of the Oceans Ministry.

Some relatives of victims were opposed to this idea.

“I do not think cutting into the cabin section may be the fastest way to get to the area,” said Kwon Oh-bok, 61, brother to Kwon Jae-geun, 53, and uncle to his 7-year-old son, Hyuk-kyoo — passengers of the Sewol still missing. “I think it may be faster to find a route into the cabin section without trying to cut anything from the outside.




Collision between fishing boats in front of Homigot, Pohang, one injured person urgently transported One sailor was injured in a collision between fishing boats at sea in front of Homigot, Nam-gu, Pohang City and was rushed to the hospital.According to the Pohang Marine Police Station (Chief Seong Dae-hoon) on the 10th, at approximately 4:43 p.m. on the 9th, the previous day, fishing boat A (3-ton class, 2 crew members) and fishing boat B (9-ton class) were caught 6.4 km (3.5 nautical miles) northeast of Homigot, Nam-gu, Pohang-si. , 4 crew members) received a report of a collision.Accordingly, Homigot Police Station contacted the captains of A and B while moving to the scene to check the safety of the vessel and crew.Crew member C (female, in her 60s) fell due to a collision with ship A, suffered pain in her back and legs, and the steering wheel did not work. In B, there were no problems with both the crew and the ship.The coastal rescue boat from Homigot Police Station arrived at the scene first, but mooring was not easy due to the high waves. Afterwards, a P-11 arrived and picked up Mr. C. However, it was difficult for the P-11 boat to enter Homigot Port, so it was transported to Homigot Port again using the Homigot Police Station coastal rescue boat and handed over to 119.Ship A was safely towed and entered port at Homigot Port with the help of private marine rescue vessel D (3-ton class, 2 crew members).Pohang Marine Police Station plans to conduct a detailed investigation into the circumstances of the collision.Chief Seong Dae-hoon said, “Minor collisions that occur between fishing vessels are fully preventable. He urged, “Be sure to take collision avoidance actions.”
In addition, the General Situation Room, each police station, and Pohang Port VTS were ordered to conduct more thorough monitoring to prevent accidents.



 






Prosecutors have requested a court to issue an arrest warrant for Medytox CEO Jung Hyun-ho on charges of illegally manufacturing and distributing Meditoxin, a botulinum toxin product, sources said.According to industry sources on Wednesday, the Cheongju District Public Prosecutors' Office in Cheongju, North Chungcheong Province, pressed charges against Jung for violating the Pharmaceutical Affairs Act and the obstruction of justice on Tuesday.The Cheongju District Court is scheduled to review the request for an arrest warrant on Thursday.The prosecution said Medytox allegedly manipulated the results of the tests on Meditoxin's ingredient and titer testing to obtain approval from the National Institute of Food and Drug Safety Evaluation to ship the products.An executive of Medytox, who was arrested for the same charges earlier, admitted committing a crime at the first trial on Tuesday, news reports said.tweetJeong Sae-imsame@docdocdoc.co.krSee Other ArticlesCopyright © KBR Unauthorized reproduction, redistribution prohibited




Gunsan Coast Guard caught '79 cases of maritime safety violation'
60 cases of unsuccessful ship safety inspection, 4 cases of illegal extension and remodeling, etc.Reporter Kim Hyun-jong Jeollabuk-do Gunsan Coast Guard conducted a special crackdown for 14 weeks with the goal of eradicating safety-impeding acts that threaten the lives of the people. This special crackdown is aimed at acts that can directly affect people's lives, such as illegally expanding and remodeling ships with high probability of marine accidents, failing to inspect ships, operating without a license, drunken driving, overloading, overboarding, and failing to maintain stability.The Gunsan Maritime Police Station announced on the 2nd, "As a result of the special crackdown on marine safety violations for about three months, a total of 79 cases were discovered."In this crackdown, the Coast Guard focused on the types of accidents that are highly likely to occur, such as overturning, by giving a two-week advance notice.In particular, according to the criminal operation plan for responsible investigation, the Criminal Mobile Boat (P-120), which was reorganized into the 2nd Division of the Investigation Division, was put in, and a magnifying glass was put on safety-impeding acts at sea.Among them, 60 cases of vessel safety inspection, which are essential to maintain airworthiness, the ability of a vessel to withstand dangers such as waves and sail safely, account for 60 cases, so even small parts are life-threatening. This led to the effect of preventing major accidents that could occur.In addition, 5 cases of overloading and overboarding that can cause major accidents such as casualties or sinking of the hull during ship operation, 4 cases of illegal extension and construction, 4 cases of violation of anchorage (cargo fixation) guidelines, 4 cases of fishing within the boundaries of the harbor, seaman One case of unlicensed operation and one case of not wearing a life jacket were caught.Vessel safety inspections, except for non-motorized fishing vessels of less than 5 tons, must be inspected regularly every 5 years, and it is stipulated in the Fishing Vessels Act and the Vessel Safety Act to undergo an interim inspection every 1 to 3 years depending on the type, age, and length of the vessel. have.Violation of this rule is punishable by imprisonment for not more than one year or a fine not exceeding 10 million won.
 Kim Choong-gwan (Superintendent) of the Gunsan Maritime Police Station said, "We will continue to monitor with interest and continue to monitor without limiting the period of special crackdown. As much as possible, I urge you to abide by the laws."




Gyeongbuk Provincial Office cafeteria offers domestic seafood as a lunch special
Gyeongbuk Province held a special event featuring domestic seafood as a lunch menu on the 31st to promote the safety of domestic seafood and promote consumption in relation to the discharge of Fukushima contaminated water into the ocean. Provincial office staff including Governor Lee Cheol-woo, Professor Kim Ki-hyun, National Assembly Legislative Research Service Director Park Sang-cheol, who visited the provincial office for a business agreement, and Koo Yun-cheol, CEO of the Gyeongbuk Cultural Foundation, ate abalone pot rice, crab soup, braised monkfish, and salt-grilled prawns together. Gyeongbuk Province plans to provide menus containing at least one domestically produced seafood for each meal to employees using the company cafeteria for the next month. In addition, the special menu will focus on fish species whose prices have recently fallen, such as eel, abalone, and rockfish, and will feature eel rice bowls, butter-grilled abalone, and spicy rockfish stew. Meanwhile, on the morning of this day, Kim Ki-hyeon, a professor of nuclear engineering at Seoul National University, was invited to discuss provincial-level response measures to relieve public anxiety based on scientific analysis and evidence on the discharge of Fukushima contaminated water under the topic of 'Fukushima contaminated water discharge and radioactivity common sense.' did. Based on this, Gyeongbuk Province plans to strengthen food safety promotion so that residents can consume marine products with confidence by thoroughly testing radioactivity in seafood and continuously providing accurate information based on science. Previously, Gyeongbuk Province formed the ‘Seafood Safety Household Monitoring Group’ to strengthen monitoring of the entire inspection process, including collection of fishery product samples and sample preprocessing. On the 28th, the ‘Seafood Safety Diagnosis Seminar’ was held to provide a forum for communication between radioactivity, fisheries, and food experts and residents, emphasizing the safety of our seafood in all directions. In addition, we developed the 'Gyeongbuk Marine Environment Information' mobile app for the first time in the country to quickly provide seafood radioactivity test results, and increased the radioactivity test analysis cycle at 9 major seafood outlets from monthly/quarterly to once a week or more to ensure safety of seafood. We are working hard for consumption. Gyeongbuk Province Governor Lee Cheol-woo said, “We will make more thorough efforts to manage safety so that only marine products that have been confirmed safe are distributed so that residents can consume our marine products with confidence.” He added, “Don’t worry about our safe marine products produced in the clean waters of the East Coast. “Please consume a lot.” Meanwhile, Gyeongbuk Province plans to implement additional measures to increase the use of marine products, such as shopping at traditional seafood markets and actively recommending Korean seafood as Chuseok holiday gifts, to help fishermen who are struggling due to a decrease in demand for marine products ahead of Chuseok.




SEOUL, Sept. 18 (Yonhap) -- South Korea will strengthen emergency seawater radiation tests by adding more coastal spots to ease public concerns about Japan's release of contaminated water from its crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant into the ocean, Seoul's oceans minister has said.In July, South Korea began emergency radiation tests on samples from a total of 75 coastal locations in the east, west and south of South Korea, as well as the waters off the southern island of Jeju, about a month ahead of Japan's release of "treated" radioactive water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant, which was crippled by a massive 2011 earthquake and tsunami, into the sea.Officials work to collect samples of seawater in waters near the southern port city of Busan on Sept. 18, 2023, to measure the radiation levels of the water amid public concern about Japan's release of radioactive water from the Fukushima power plant into the ocean. (Yonhap)
"We chose the spots, as they are expected to have the released waters first given the sea current. We will add more locations to the list, particularly in the East Sea, to further ensure safety," Oceans Minister Cho Seung-hwan told reporters on Thursday during his visit to a test spot off the southern port city of Busan.In addition to the 75 spots in territorial waters, South Korea has been carrying out radiation tests on 33 points from more distant areas, and it plans to raise the number of testing spots to nearly 250 next year, he added."We will maintain the emergency testing system until the people are no longer worried about the issue and say no more tests are required," Cho said.All the samples have met the safety standards so far, and no radiation has been detected in domestic seafood or imported marine products, the minister added.
The government mobilized officials and experts from various institutions, including the Korea Polar Research Institute, to conduct extensive tests, and it takes just a couple of days to get the analysis results, according to a ministry official.South Korea has also been conducting a 100-day intensive inspection from August into the marking of country of origin for imported seafood products to dispel public safety concerns.In August, South Korean imports of Japanese seafood fell 34.8 percent from the previous year to US$7.81 million, the smallest monthly figure in two years, according to government data.South Korea banned all seafood imports from eight Japanese prefectures near Fukushima in 2013 on concerns over their radiation levels in the wake of the meltdown incident in 2011, and vowed to keep in place the import curbs.




 






Gyeongju city strengthens response to discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima... ‘All-out efforts’ in fishery product safety management. As the discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima, Japan, began on the 24th, Gyeongju City decided to focus its efforts on securing seafood safety and supporting fishermen. To this end, the city will focus on strengthening safety management and inspection of fishery products, emergency support for business funds for fishermen, and events to promote consumption of fishery products to supply safe fishery products. First of all, the safety of marine products, such as radiation inspection, will be further strengthened. The city will spend a budget of 300 million won to purchase a gamma nuclide analyzer, which is a radiation test equipment, and conduct radiation tests twice a week on five major fish species, including flounder, mackerel, and sandfish. A budget of 334 million won will be invested to establish a radioactivity test laboratory on the site of the Gampo Administrative Line Management Office. The number of imported marine product country of origin indications and distribution history reporting items will be expanded from 17 to 21, and special inspections will be carried out regularly. In addition, the “Emergency Support for Fishermen’s Management Fund” project will be implemented to provide loan interest of up to 30% to fishermen who are expected to be damaged by the discharge of contaminated water. In addition, to revitalize the shrinking consumption of seafood products, Angang Public Market will hold a seafood discount event that will issue two 5,000 won discount coupons per person for three days from September 27th. In addition, the Gampo Port Flounder Festival will be held for three days from October 12th, including a tasting of flounder dishes and a simultaneous contest for elementary school students, to restore the consumer sentiment of seafood products. Mayor Joo Nak-young said, “Due to the discharge of contaminated water from the nuclear power plant, local fishermen are expected to face difficulties such as reduced consumption of fish products. I will do my best,” he said.




10 missing, 5 injured after collision of USS John McCain and oil tanker near Singapore
Written : 2017-08-21 20:05:36 KST
Updated : 2023-03-30 15:17:19 KST

 10 sailors are missing and 5 injured  after the guided-missile destroyer USS John S. McCain collided with an oil tanker off the coast of Singapore early Monday.

 Search and rescue teams from the U.S., Singapore, and Malaysia were deployed immediately after the incident.
Four of the injured were taken to a hospital in Singapore by helicopter and their injuries were reported to be non-life threatening.
The fifth sailor did not require any further medical attention.

The oil tanker, Alnic MC, a Greek-owned vessel traveling to Singapore from the South Korean port of Pyeongtaek, was also damaged, but had no casualties and hasn't leaked any oil.


 Monday's incident  is the second time a U.S. Navy warship has collided with another vessel in the Pacific in a little over two months  after a collision between the USS Fitzgerald and a freighter off the coast of Japan on June 17th left seven sailors dead. 
 It is also the fourth accident this year for the US Navy's 7th Fleet, which is based at the port of Yokosuka, Japan.


 The US Navy relieved the USS Fitzgerald's captain of his command last week, after coming to the conclusion that poor seamanship and flaws in keeping watch led to the June collision,  after evidence suggested that members of the crew had made serious mistakes.

 The McCain and Fitzgerald are both equipped with the Aegis missile defense system that is part of the U.S. defenses against a North Korean ballistic missile launch.





By Jung Da-hyun The government plans to spend more than 3 trillion won ($2.2 billion) over the next six years to address the release of contaminated water from the damaged Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant in Japan, according to an opposition lawmaker, Friday.Adding to concerns is that there is no clear estimate of how many more decades the government will need to allocate funds to address the radioactivity issue, according to Rep. Jung Pil-mo of the main opposition Democratic Party of Korea (DPK), who claimed that the Yoon Suk Yeol administration’s decision not to oppose Japan’s release of the wastewater has already placed an enormous burden on the nation's finances.According to budget proposals of each ministry submitted by the National Assembly Budget Office to Rep. Jung, the total government budget to be disbursed by relevant ministries from this year through 2028 will amount to 3.14 trillion won.The majority of this budget, totaling 3.11 trillion won, is allocated to the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries. Following this, the Nuclear Safety and Security Commission plans to execute 21.3 billion won, while the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety is set to disburse 9.6 billion won.In particular, the fisheries ministry’s budget will increase from 504.5 billion won this year to 712.4 billion won next year.The total budget will be used to carry out 20 projects, aimed mostly at mitigating the potential losses that the fishing industry and fishermen may suffer from due to the release of the contaminated Fukushima water.The most substantial portion of the budget will be earmarked for a reserve program on marine products, which mandates the government purchase pre-selected species and release them during off-seasons when there is a reduced catch or during holiday seasons when there is elevated demand for marine products. A total of 872.1 billion won will be invested in this program.The budget will also be designated for other sectors, including a purchase loan program that provides preferential loans to private warehouse owners and fishery co-ops, as well as initiatives to promote consumption and support discounts for marine products available to the public.Moreover, a portion of the budget is expected to be directed toward scientific endeavors, including the establishment of a monitoring system for marine radioactive materials and the development of rapid detection and prediction technology for radioactive contamination."The government should estimate the extent of both direct and indirect damage and actively exercise its right to indemnity against the Japanese government, which proceeded with its plan to discharge contaminated water, even while recognizing that neighboring countries may be affected,” Rep. Jung said.Japan released its first discharge of treated wastewater from the Fukushima plant into the Pacific Ocean between Aug. 24 and Sept. 11, and the second between Oct. 5 and 23.Japan’s Kyodo News reported on Thursday that the third discharge will begin on Nov. 2.
The country plans to continue discharging contaminated water until 2051 to decommission the nuclear reactor at Fukushima.




U.S. Navy identifies 7 sailors who died in destroyer collision. Updated :
2023-03-30 15:17:18 KST The U.S. Navy on Monday identified the seven sailors who died when their destroyer, the USS Fitzgerald, collided with a container ship in Japanese waters early Saturday. The sailors were aged between 19 and 37, and their bodies were found in berthing compartments. The U.S. Navy said the victims may have been killed by the impact of the collision or drowned in the flooding. The commander of the 7th Fleet, Joseph Aucoin, said most of the ship's sailors were asleep when the incident happened.
 The 9-thousand-ton destroyer suffered severe damage above and below the waterline while the 29-thousand ton container ship, ACX Crystal, sustained only "slight damage."
There were no injuries among the 20 Filipino crew members on board the container ship. 
 Multiple investigations by the U.S. Navy, the U.S. Coast Guard and the Japanese authorities  are looking into how a vessel as big as the container ship could ram into the smaller warship in clear weather. Other investigations could come from authorities in the Philippines, where the container ship was registered. Marine traffic records suggest that the container ship made a sudden U-turn roughly 25 minutes before the crash. 
It is not known why it changed course.




This week, three Chinese ships join an international task force operating in the Gulf of Aden to protect shipping from attacks by Somali pirates, marking the first time since the 15th century that Chinese vessels have sailed so far from home.This reflects a marked strengthening of Chinese military capabilities since the country shifted its focus three decades ago from supporting revolutionary movements around the world to the development of its economy.The decision to send this flotilla ― two destroyers and a supply ship ― could not have been taken lightly. China knew that political analysts around the world would study the implications of this move.On one hand, China had been accused of being a free rider, relying on Washington to keep open sea lanes for China-bound ships carrying oil and other cargo from Africa and the Middle East.The United States has exhorted China to be a ``responsible stakeholder'' and the Chinese, in explaining their decision to send warships off to Africa, have explained that they are simply discharging their responsibility.The Chinese decision was announced after a resolution by the United Nations Security Council authorizing international forces to combat piracy and, indeed, to pursue pirates on land.China has long had a policy of noninterference in other countries' internal affairs, and its participation in anti-piracy efforts does not violate that principle because the Transitional Federal Government of Somalia has welcomed participation of the Chinese navy.But China knew that by sending this naval force it would demonstrate its ability to project power far beyond its shores and revive fears of a ``China threat.'' That is why Beijing is trying its best to look unthreatening and depicting its action as that of a responsible power.In the end, Beijing really had no choice. In the last year, seven cases of hijacking by Somali pirates involved China, either because the ships were owned by China or had Chinese crews. In fact, one Chinese ship with a crew of 18 is still being held hostage by Somali pirates.The day before Beijing disclosed its decision a Chinese ship was attacked by pirates, though the attempt was thwarted by Malaysian naval forces. It would be difficult for China to explain why tiny Malaysia could contribute forces to protect international shipping when a large country like China remained passive.Major countries, such as the United States, the European Union, Russia and India are already involved. Since China is a permanent member of the Security Council, it could well have been accused of shirking its responsibility if it were to remain uninvolved.Liu Jianchao, the Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman, explained, that the purpose of the Chinese mission ``is to ensure the safety of Chinese ships and personnel on the route and protect vessels of international organizations carrying humanitarian materials.''This is a rather narrow definition. After all, if Malaysia can help a Chinese ship under attack, there is no reason why Chinese forces should not be deployed to assist non-Chinese ships.It is very likely that once the Chinese ships begin their patrols, they will find it advantageous to coordinate their actions with warships from other countries, all of whom are out to counter piracy on the high seas.This in itself would be a positive development since it would in effect revive a military-to-military dialogue with the United States that China suspended to protest arms sales to Taiwan.While Washington has welcomed China's contribution to the anti-piracy effort, there are undoubtedly mixed feelings as well, as China moves slowly from a coastal navy to a blue-water navy. The United States has little to fear at present, but competition from China will increase.The same week that China announced the dispatch of warships to Africa, its Defense Ministry confirmed that it was giving serious consideration to building aircraft carriers.The spokesman quickly added that China ``has a long coastline and the sacred duty of China's armed forces is to safeguard the country's marine safety and sovereignty over coastal areas and territorial seas.''Given the Taiwan context, the United States has to consider the implications of China's rise as a naval power. Similarly, Japan, which has disputes with China over energy resources in the East China Sea, cannot afford to be complacent.But the bottom line is that China is now not only integrated into the world economy, it is integrated into all aspects of global life. Protecting its shipping is part and parcel of China's emergence and its participation in the new world order.




S Korea-marine radar development. S. Korea starts developing marine radar. By Nam Kwang-sik. SEOUL, July 9 (Yonhap) -- South Korea plans to localize production of marine radar that has been exclusively imported so far, a state-funded shipbuilding institute said Thursday.Under the plan, the Research Institute of Medium&small Shipbuilding (RIMS) will spend 6 billion won (US$5 million) to develop marine radar in cooperation with four other bodies, including state-funded Korean Marine Equipment Research Institute, the institute said in an emailed statement.RIMS will push to export the marine radar if it succeeds in development, it said.Marine radar has been imported from Japan and other countries, presenting a hurdle for the localization of Integrated Navigation System (INS), a composite navigation system designed to avoid ship collision and monitor the progress of ships.




Union asks for arrest of chief manager By Park Jae-hyuk Hanwha Ocean CEO Kwon Hyek-woong
Hanwha Ocean is facing a setback in its production and a dispute with its labor union, after a 27-year-old subcontracted worker died last week from an explosion at the shipbuilder’s shipyard on Geoje Island, South Gyeongsang Province, according to industry officials, Tuesday.The worker, who began working at the shipyard last March, reportedly died in the hospital after he was injured in an explosion at around 3 p.m. on Friday, during grinding work at a rudder factory.This was the first fatal industrial accident at the shipyard, since Hanwha Group’s acquisition of the shipbuilder, which was previously called Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (DSME). The company expressed its condolences immediately after the worker’s death, promising every effort to find the cause of the accident and prevent similar problems.Hanwha Ocean’s unionized workers, however, asked the authorities to arrest the executive who is managing the company. They claimed that management has been desperate to resume operations since the latest accident, rather than making efforts to prevent similar accidents.“Since the Serious Accidents Punishment Act (SAPA) took effect, five fatal industrial accidents have happened at DSME, so we hoped that the shipyard would be safer after Hanwha’s acquisition seven months ago,” a union representative said at a press conference, Tuesday.The law, which was implemented in January 2022, states that a company’s CEO can be sent to jail if a serious worksite accident occurs if the company has not taken sufficient safety precautions.The union pointed out that a reorganization of the company’s health and safety team during the sale procedure in 2022 disrupted the team’s ability to deal with health and safety issues.Hanwha Ocean's shipyard on Geoje Island, South Gyeongsang Province / Courtesy of Hanwha Ocean “The labor ministry should order Hanwha Ocean to cease all operations at its worksites nationwide and should carry out a special labor inspection of the company,” the union said. “Hanwha Ocean should allow the union to join the inspection of its health and safety systems and reinforce safety managers at workplaces.”After the press conference in Tongyeong, South Gyeongsang Province, the workers met with the head of the labor ministry’s regional office.The labor ministry has begun looking into whether Hanwha Ocean violated the SAPA. It also ordered the shipbuilder to halt its operations, Monday, to find out the cause of the accident.“Our company immediately reported the accident to the police and the labor ministry,” Hanwha Ocean said in its regulatory filing. “We will resume production once we find out the cause of the accident and come up with countermeasures.”





Hwaseong City (Mayor Jeong Myeong-geun) announced on the 30th that for the safety of citizens, Gungpyeong Port and Jebu Port sea fishing grounds will be renovated by January 10th of next year.Gungpyeong Port and Jebu Port Sea Fishing Site, built in 2009, are public marine facilities in the form of a bridge installed over the sea to allow people to enjoy fishing and the sea view. Gungpyeong Port Sea Fishing Site is 193m long and 6~15m wide, and Jebu Port Sea Fishing Site is 77m long. , width is 6~12m.Through this refurbishment of the sea fishing grounds, the city plans to provide citizens visiting Gungpyeong Port and Jebu Port sea fishing grounds not only with a place to rest, but also with a place to breathe and rest where they can enjoy culture and leisure.In particular, the city plans to focus on improving facilities to prevent deterioration of the durability and functionality of major members based on the results of a detailed safety inspection of sea fishing grounds in accordance with the ‘Special Act on Safety and Maintenance of Facilities’ conducted last March.Hwaseong Mayor Jeong Myeong-geun said, “Through this repair work, we plan to complete the construction quickly so that residents and users of nearby areas can safely and comfortably use the sea fishing spot,” and added, “As this is a construction project for safety, even if it is somewhat inconvenient to use the facility, citizens will feel comfortable.” “We ask for your understanding,” he said.Meanwhile, the number of visitors to Gungpyeong-ri and Jeburi Fishing Village Experience Recreation Village last year was 1,629,460 and 1,707,994, respectively. Gungpyeong-ri and Jeburi Fishing Village Experience Recreation Village are representative marine tourist attractions in the western part of Hwaseong City, equipped with sea fishing spots and marine product centers.







An Integrated platform for Vessel-to-shore DataHMM's new fleet control centerHMM has recently opened its land-based fleet control center located at the HMM R&D facilities in Busan, South Korea. This center is designed to effectively monitor and control the operation of HMM’s modern fleet that includes 12 24,000 TEU and eight 16,000 TEU container vessels.HMM said the delivery of the 12 24,000 TEU containerships were completed in September 2020, while eight 16,000 TEU vessels will be included in its fleet in the second quarter of 2021. All 20 ships feature the latest smart ship solutions.The newly-launched fleet control center provides an integrated platform for vessel-to-shore data and increased connectivity. Its real-time monitoring system offers plenty of information with full visibility, including vessel performance, locations, fuel consumption, ocean weather and cargo information, etc.The vessels also can benefit from a remote control system which supports a wide range of vessel operations, including inspection and repair works on the machinery on ships.In addition, each vessel is encouraged to identify and react to an unexpected threat or obstacle both on board and around the ship by sharing information with the fleet control center in a timely manner.HMM said it will continue to analyze the operational efficiency and explore the commercial viability of autonomous ships based on big data collected from the center.Bae Jae-hoon, president & CEO of HMM, said, “Digital capabilities have become a key element in securing a competitive edge. We will accelerate efforts to enhance operational excellence and efficiency in our fleet management." He added, "We will also gradually apply the smart ship solutions not only to our newbuilds but also to the other ships already in operation."Jung Min-heecontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Gyeonggi Pyeongtaek Port Authority and Pyeongtaek Coast Guard have signed a business agreement. According to the corporation on the 30th, the business agreement ceremony held at the Pyeongtaek Maritime Police Station to create a safe marine leisure environment in the Gyeonggi Sea was attended by Gyeonggi Pyeongtaek Port Authority President Kim Seok-gu and Pyeongtaek Maritime Police Station Chief Jang Jin-soo. The two organizations plan to establish a mutual exchange and cooperation network and support and cooperate for the safety and convenience of marine leisure vessels and users. Key areas of cooperation include Use of Jebu Marina facilities by the Korea Coast Guard for rescue, crackdown, and prevention of marine safety accidents, joint education and training in preparation for disasters and safety accidents, equipment support and joint response to prevent marine pollution, etc. cooperate with each other. Through this agreement, the Gyeonggi Pyeongtaek Port Authority expects to promote the life and safety of the people who enjoy marine leisure in the Gyeonggi sea through Jebu Marina. Gyeonggi Pyeongtaek Port Authority President Kim Seok-gu said, "Through this business agreement, we will create a safe and clean marine leisure environment based on a close cooperation system."




The Incheon Marine Police Station announced that it had issued a safety accident risk forecast warning system from the 27th to November 1st. According to the Incheon Coast Guard, this is because sea levels are higher than usual during this period, which increases the possibility of coastal safety accidents such as tidal flat isolation, requiring special attention. Incheon Coast Guard is strengthening land and sea patrols according to tidal times and maintaining emergency response readiness to prepare for coastal accidents such as tidal flat isolation. An Incheon Coast Guard official said, “As the difference in tides is greater than usual and the speed of water coming in is expected to be faster, please be sure to follow marine safety rules such as prohibiting entry into restricted areas, refraining from entering dangerous areas, wearing life jackets, and checking tide levels during coastal activities. “He requested. Meanwhile, by downloading and using apps such as ‘Sea Navi’, ‘Harrod’, and ‘Safe Sea’, you can obtain various marine safety information such as tide tables.




epaselect SWEDEN SHIP COLLISION

Two cargo ships collide in the Baltic Sea off the Swedish coast

epaselect epa09640210 A view of Sea rescue members over the hull of the capsized Danish cargo ship Karin Hoej after it collided with the British cargo ship Scot Carrier in the Baltic Sea, between the Swedish town of Ystad on Sweden's southern coast and the Danish island of Bornholm, 13 December 2021. According to a statement released by the Swedish Sea Rescue Society, at least two people are feared missing after two cargo ships collided in the Baltic Sea off the Swedish coast early on 13 December. The cause of the accident is yet unknown. The Karin Hoej had capsized in the accident and was upside down.




Namdong-gu, steps to strengthen radiation safety management of seafood.-Break News Incheon Reporter Park Sang-do Namdong-gu announced on the 28th that it will further strengthen radiation safety management of marine products such as Soraepogu starting next year.According to Namdong-gu, it has set aside 3 million won in its own budget to strengthen radioactivity testing for seafood next year, and will collect seafood and processed seafood from seafood stores in the district, including Sorae Port, at least once a month to detect iodine (131I) and cesium, indicators of radioactive contamination. We plan to request testing for (134Cs, 137Cs) to the Incheon City Health and Environment Research Institute.The inspection results will be transparently disclosed through the Namdong-gu Office website, and a solid safety system will be established, including promptly prohibiting the sale of the seafood in question if it is deemed unsuitable for collection or inspection.Following the discharge of contaminated water from Japan this year, Namdong-gu is promoting radioactivity testing of seafood sold at Soraepogu, a representative traditional seafood market in the district, and is disclosing the results to residents through the Namdong-gu Office website.As of the 21st, radiation tests conducted on a total of 418 seafood products sold in Sorae Port by Namdong-gu and the Incheon City Health and Environment Research Institute were judged to be ‘suitable’ for all items.





Yeosu Gwangyang Port Authority (YGPA) announced on the 19th that it had obtained the Ocean Bound Plastic (OBP) certification through Control Union, an international certification body.This certification is a renewal of the certification that YGPA acquired for the first time in Korea in 2021.In the meantime, many domestic institutions and companies have tried to acquire the second domestic marine plastic collection certification, but it was not possible to obtain the certification because it was difficult to establish a sustainable collection system and secure the traceability of marine plastics.The reason why companies are paying attention to marine plastic collection certification is that there is a lot of demand for marine plastic recycling products due to the recent ESG craze.Specifically, ▲ crackdown on plastic dumping of ships in cooperation with the Coast Guard ▲ collection and classification of marine plastic waste with Gwangyang Marine Environment Co., Ltd., a fluent cleaning company ▲ processing of marine waste plastics and production of recycled yarn with Hyosung TNC.With the marine plastic recycled yarn produced in this way, various bags from Plitzmama and T-shirts from The North Face have been released.In addition, YGPA produced safety vests with Songgwang Happy Town, a local social enterprise employing the disabled, and distributed them to small and medium-sized enterprises in the port.In particular, YGPA is contributing to the safety of port workers by manufacturing and installing lane control blocks from marine plastics, such as ship ropes and general plastics, which are less useful among marine plastics.The Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries is promoting a policy to spread YGPA's marine plastics business model to ports nationwide, and YGPA is also consulting to spread the business model to other ports.President Park Seong-hyun said, “The marine plastics circular economy business is YGPA’s representative ESG management model. Meanwhile, the YGPA has been promoting the marine waste plastics circular economy project to realize social values such as protecting the marine environment and creating jobs.





Incheon Coast Guard, special inspection for violations of people’s livelihood on Lunar New Year’s Day. Intensive crackdown on practices that undermine public safety, such as sales disguised as country of origin and hoarding.-Break News Incheon Reporter Park Sang-do. The Incheon Marine Police Station announced that it will conduct a special inspection of criminals violating people's livelihood during the Lunar New Year holiday until February 16th.According to the Incheon Coast Guard, this special inspection is being carried out to ensure the safety of marine products and establish distribution order ahead of the peak Lunar New Year holiday season.Key inspection targets include smuggling and distribution of agricultural, marine, and livestock products, sales under false pretenses of origin, disruption of market distribution order such as cornering, and sales of food subject to disposal that has passed its expiration date.In particular, the Incheon Coast Guard plans to intensively check compliance with country of origin labeling on imported foods to alleviate public anxiety about imported marine products.An Incheon Coast Guard official said, “If you discover any act that undermines public safety, please report it to the Coast Guard. We will do our best to protect the safety of people’s food during the Lunar New Year holidays.”




Joint response to the discharge of radioactive contaminated water with Jeonnam-do, Busan, and Jeju Activities such as opening working-level cooperation with five cities and provinces along the coast of the Korea-Japan Strait, urging the decision to withdraw(Muan = Break News) Reporter Haksu Lee = Jeollanam-do held a working-level meeting of five cities and provinces off the coast of the Korean-Japanese Strait including Busan, Ulsan, Gyeongnam and Jeju on the 22nd at the Busan City Hall in connection with the Japanese government's decision to release radioactive contaminated water from Fukushima. It decided to withdraw the decision and jointly respond to the protection of marine environment.At the working-level meeting, the heads of five metropolitan cities and provinces attended and urged the Japanese government to withdraw the decision to release radioactive contaminated water in the ocean, while sharing the situation of response by cities and provinces, and discussing future joint countermeasures and cooperation tasks.These cities and provinces, as local governments geographically close to Japan, are deeply concerned about the impact of the Japanese government's decision on the public safety and marine environment as well as the fisheries industry, and promised to continue to respond through regular meetings in the future.Kang Seong-woon, head of the Jeonnam-do shipping and port manager, said, “Since the ocean discharge of radioactive contaminated water is a problem that is directly related to the health and safety of residents as well as pollution of the marine environment, we will respond strongly through cooperation with the cities and provinces along the coast of the Korea-Japan Strait. We will prepare all necessary measures for management.”
In October of last year, five cities and provinces, including Jeonnam Province, formed a working-level countermeasures council to prevent the ocean discharge of radioactive water contaminated in Fukushima, Japan, and prepared a joint proposal and delivered it to the council of provincial and provincial governors of the Republic of Korea.Accordingly, 17 mayors and provincial governors adopted a joint proposal and suggested to the government to immediately stop discussing the discharging of radioactive water contaminated with Fukushima in the ocean in December last year.







Gunsan Coast Guard held 'The 8th National Water Safety Experience' 29th… Eunpa Lake Park Water Light Square, experiences and unique sights. Reporter Kim Hyun-jong. The '8th National Water Safety Experience Event' will be held at Mulbit Plaza in Eunpa Lake Park, Gunsan, Jeollabuk-do. The Gunsan Coast Guard announced on the 24th that it will hold a unique experience event to spread safety culture on the water from 10:00 am to 5:00 pm on the 29th. This 'water safety experience event' was supported by 15 organizations and organizations, including Jeonbuk-do, Gunsan-si, and Gunsan Regional Sea and Water Administration. It will be decorated as a time to watch and experience. In particular, in order to spread safety culture on the water including the sea, you can experience survival methods in preparation for water accidents, such as ship escape using a slide life raft safety equipment experience marine pollution control development equipment exhibition.In addition, training on how to operate an automatic external defibrillator (AED) and CPR is provided. In addition, various participation events such as water safety drawing contest photo zone for maritime police uniforms wearing maritime special task force equipment marine environment photo exhibition are also prepared. In addition, various performances such as Nanta performance Belly dance Pungmul play, lifesaving demonstrations using drones and high-speed boats, and a water parade of participating rescue equipment will create unique scenes that the public cannot normally see. This year, a new maritime safety virtual experience using virtual reality equipment (VR) will be introduced, and special performances by the Korea Coast Guard Orchestra, newly composed of musicians from each field, can be enjoyed. Cheol-Woo Lee (Superintendent) Chief of the Gunsan Coast Guard said, "We plan to increase interest in water safety through the 'water safety experience' event in which the people directly participate." We will do our best to prepare it so that it will be a time to cherish precious memories."




STRAIT OF HORMUZ COLLISION

A US Navy picture made available 12 August 2012 shows Guided-missile destroyer USS Porter (DDG 78) that was damaged in a collision with the Japanese owned bulk oil tanker M/V Otowasan in the Strait of Hormuz. No personnel on either vessel were reported injured. Porter is on a scheduled deployment to the U.S. 5th Fleet area of responsibility conducting maritime security operations and theater security cooperation efforts. 




SEOUL -- As a key defense contractor in South Korea, Hanwha Defense will step up efforts to apply accumulated technology, especially in the field of submarine lithium-ion batteries, to civilian eco-friendly ships in cooperation with a domestic maritime classification society. Hanwha Defense said that it has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Korean Register (KR) for technical cooperation to expand the supply of technologies related to eco-friendly ships and the safety of energy storage systems (ESSs) for ships. ESS is a power storage system that consists of batteries or specially designed battery packs The two sides agreed to cooperate in a wide range of areas with the aim of upgrading related technologies to ensure the safety of ESSs, through joint research on the prevention of ESS fire and fire prediction algorithms, the application of next-generation secondary batteries to ships, the research and application of ESS safety test procedures and technical specifications, and the operation of a technical advisory group to improve the safety of ESSs for vessels and submarines."We hope this cooperation with Korean Register will serve as an opportunity to take domestic ESS technology for ships to the next level," Hanwha Defense's domestic business division head Kwak Jong-woo said after a signing ceremony on September 2 at KR's head office in the southern port city of Busan.Hanwha Defense and KR would share technical data and human resources while establishing a close cooperative relationship by regularly holding related technology exchanges. Demands for eco-friendly ships and ESSs are growing after the International Maritime Organization (IMO), a U.N. maritime safety agency, adopted mandatory energy-efficiency measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from ships."I hope that the combination of Hanwha Defense's superior technology and KR's experience and expertise will serve as a stepping stone to lead international technical standards related to ESS for ships," said Korean Register's R&D center head Kim Dae-hun.Hanwha Defense has accumulated technology and know-how related to large-capacity marine energy storage devices through the development of a submarine battery pack that demonstrated world-class safety and reliability through a performance verification test in a harsh test environment. The company has developed its own energy storage system for state-run ships.In June, Hanwha Defense was chosen to lead a three-year state project aimed at developing technology for a marine energy storage system with a high level of safety that would replace imports and target foreign clients. Hanwha Defense and its partners would focus on energy storage systems for 1MWh-class and 200kWh-class ships and carry out evaluation, certification and safety verification tests.








 






A Marine lance corporal who was swept away by strong currents Wednesday morning while searching for people missing from last week’s heavy rains in Yecheon County, North Gyeongsang, was found dead.Officials from the Gyeongbuk Fire Service Headquarters and Marine Corps announced that 20-year-old Lance Corporal Chae Su-geun was discovered at around 11:08 p.m. on Wednesday downstream of the Naeseong Stream where he had gone missing.The fire authority said the marine was found by a special rescue team and a drone team during a nighttime search the same day.On Thursday, the Marine Corps launched a probe into the death of the Marine amid public criticisms over poor safety measures for personnel deployed for search and rescue operations.“Life vests were not offered to participants of the search and rescue operation near the [Naeseong] stream,” Lieutenant Colonel Choi Yong-sun, a Marine Corps spokesperson, said in a regular briefing, adding that the Marines should have worn life vests at the scene.“We are looking into the decisions made at the site and will improve [related] regulations and guidelines.”The Marine Corps offered its condolences over Chae’s death and posthumously promoted him to corporal. At the site of the accident, the marine’s parents expressed resentment, asking why their son was not wearing a life vest during the search. “Why was he not wearing a life vest? Are life vests that expensive?” the Marine’s father was quoted as asking a Marine Corps commander. Chae's memorial altar was set up in Pohang, North Gyeongsang, on Thursday, and will be opened to the public through Friday night. The Marine disappeared into the stream's rapids at around 9:03 a.m. Wednesday while searching with his comrades, who had been dispatched to the area on Tuesday for search and rescue operations after heavy monsoon rains and landslides. The Marine disappeared after suddenly falling into rapid currents with two other Marines. The other two managed to swim to safety. The Marines were among 3,630 people deployed to Yecheon on Wednesday for the rescue mission, which included firefighters, police and military personnel. Some 1,140 pieces of equipment were also mobilized, such as excavators and dump trucks. A helicopter carrying the body of a Marine lance corporal who went missing on Wednesday morning in Yecheon County, North Gyeongsang, and was later found dead takes off as his comrades pay their respects. The Marine was in a search operation for heavy rain victims. President Yoon Suk Yeol on Thursday expressed his condolences over the death of the Marine lance corporal. The president also promised a thorough investigation to prevent similar accidents and to pay the utmost respect to the deceased, according to presidential spokesman Lee Do-woon. As of Thursday at 6 p.m., there still were four people missing from last week’s flooding and landslides, including three in Yecheon. A total of 46 deaths have been counted in connection to last week’s rains as of Thursday at 6 p.m. — 24 in North Gyeongsang, followed by 17 in North Chungcheong, four in South Chungcheong and one in Sejong. Police and the National Forensic Service on Thursday launched a joint investigation on an underpass in Osong-eup, Cheongju in North Chungcheong that resulted in 14 casualties. Heavy rainfall last Saturday flooded the 430-meter (1,411-foot) long and 4.5-meter-high underpass after a temporary sand levee along the nearby Miho River broke. The underpass will become available as early as the end of next month after investigations and checkups have been concluded. The Central Disaster and Safety Countermeasures Headquarters on Wednesday night leveled the emergency response posture down by two notches from its highest level of the three-tier system activated last Wednesday as heavy rain warnings were lifted across the country. However, the Korea Meteorological Administration forecasts another downpour will arrive in the country over the weekend and possibly affect the country through Monday.




JAPAN EARTHQUAKE TSUNAMI NUCLEAR ACCIDENT AFTERMATH. A handout photo released 26 March 2011 showing showing Marines from Combat Logistics Regiment 35, 3rd Marine Logistics Group, III Marine Expeditionary Force, using heavy equipment to help repair damaged areas surrounding the Sendai Airport 25 March 2011. U.S. service members have been assisting the Japanese Government in providing relief in areas affected by the devastating 9.0 magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami that struck northern Japan March 11. 




SEOUL, June 4 (Yonhap) -- One of the two bodies retrieved from the Danube River was confirmed to be a South Korean missing in last week's deadly sinking of a sightseeing boat in Hungary, Seoul's foreign ministry said Tuesday. That raised the death toll in the May 29 sinking to eight with 18 others still unaccounted for. Work is under way to identify another body retrieved from underwater later that day, according to South Korea's quick response team dispatched to Budapest. The identified victim, who was discovered Monday (local time) 132 kilometers away from the sinking site, was a South Korean man in his 60s, the ministry said, citing the initial forensic result by Korea and Hungary. The second victim, presumed to be a woman, was pulled from underwater at the site of the accident. Korean and Hungarian divers had gone into the water for the first time Monday as part of a test to determine if they can start searching in the river for the missing victims before salvaging the boat. A tourist boat carrying 33 Koreans and two Hungarian crew members capsized and sank in the Danube River after being hit by a larger cruise ship last Wednesday. The collision now has left eight Koreans killed and 20 people missing, including the two Hungarians. Seven were rescued shortly after the accident.




To Demonstrate Viability of Autonomous Navigation SolutionsOfficials of Hyundai Heavy Industries Group and the American Bureau of Shipping pose for a photo after signing a strategic framework for autonomous navigation technology in Las Vegas on Jan. 9.Avikus, an autonomous ship operation company of Hyundai Heavy Industries Group, announced on Jan. 9 that it has signed a strategic framework with the American Bureau of Shipping (ABS) for autonomous ship technology.The signing ceremony, held in Las Vegas, was attended by Hyundai Heavy Industries Holdings president Chung Ki-sun, Avikus CEO Lim Do-hyung, and ABS executive vice president chief operating officer (COO) John McDonald.Under the agreement, Avikus will demonstrate the viability of its own solutions, including HiNAS for autonomous navigation, HiBAS for autonomous vessel docking and HiNAS2.0 for complete autonomous navigation, step by step in accordance with ABS’s autonomous navigation regulations. While Avikus obtains step-by-step certification for its own autonomous navigation technology, ABS will prepare step-by-step verification procedures based on Avikus’ actual operation data. The joint project is also expected to contribute to the standardization of technology for autonomous ships being promoted by the International Maritime Organization (IMO).Earlier in June 2021, Avikus demonstrated the first fully autonomous operation of a leisure boat in Korea in a narrow path.Jung Min-heepr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Pohang Coast Guard to strengthen coastal accident prevention activities. Pohang Marine Police Station (Chief Seong Dae-hoon) decided to strengthen accident activities as fatal accidents due to personal carelessness and drinking frequently occur in the coastal waters of Pohang and Gyeongju. According to the Pohang Coast Guard on the 18th, a total of 114 safety accidents occurred in the coastal waters of Pohang and Gyeongju from 2019 to October this year, and this year, 10 deaths occurred in Pohang and 4 in Gyeongju. By type, there were 77 cases of drowning (67.5%), 19 cases of falling (16.7%), 11 cases of isolation (9.7%), 6 cases of drifting (5.3%), and 1 case (0.8%) of other accidents. The breakdown was as follows: 81 cases of personal carelessness (71%), 25 cases of drinking (21.9%), 4 cases of bad weather (3.6%), 3 cases of non-compliance with safety rules (2.7%), and 1 case of others (0.8%). Accordingly, in order to prevent coastal accidents, the Pohang Coastal Police Station sends disaster safety messages when a risk forecast is issued, strengthens patrols in dangerous areas for Marine Safety Association volunteers and local government fisheries resource guardians when the weather worsens, and transmits safety warning broadcasts using the broadcasting system of coastal villages and fishing villages. Additional implementation is planned. In addition, when the weather worsens, we strengthen access control to areas where falls and drowning accidents occur, issue an active risk forecast system when there are concerns about risks from coastal activities such as swell waves, and conduct joint inspections of coastal waters (areas where fatal accidents occur) with the local governments of Pohang and Gyeongju. Therefore, we plan to actively promote the installation of new safety facilities in hazardous locations. Chief Seong Dae-hoon said, “We will make more efforts to prevent coastal accidents by strengthening patrols in dangerous areas and thoroughly inspecting safety management facilities. In particular, the main cause of safety accidents is many accidents due to individual negligence, such as non-compliance with safety rules, so the public must be aware of their own safety. “You must have it,” he said.




Seo Sam-seok “Pushing for a public passenger ferry system, only 211, or 45%, of the 464 ports in the country where passenger ships call at inhabited islands”A representative proposal for the Passenger Ship Public Manufacturing Act, a national task... Needs to be introduced quickly There are concerns about withdrawal of even general routes due to the profitability of operators.In order to quickly realize the public operation system for coastal passenger ships, a law amendment is being promoted to designate auxiliary routes for which the government supports some costs as public routes.Representative Seo Sam-seok of the Democratic Party of Korea (Yeongam, Muan, and Shinan) of the National Assembly's Agriculture, Food, Rural Affairs, Oceans and Fisheries Committee proposed the “Partial Amendment to the Shipping Act” containing these contents on the 19th. This is part of the follow-up legislative action that Rep. Seo Sam-seok has been requesting for improvement in the desperate transportation situation of island residents since 2018 at the Standing Committee on Agriculture, Water and Fisheries and the National Assembly Audit.The current law allows the government to designate auxiliary routes for which certain costs are supported, select operating operators, and support all or part of the construction costs for ships in order to secure maritime transportation for island residents. However, despite the fact that passenger ships, a means of maritime transportation, were incorporated into the Public Transportation Act of 2021, the transportation situation for island residents is becoming worse. Currently, the number of manned islands where passenger ships call is at 211, or 45% of the total 464, which is insufficient. This is a decrease of 6 places compared to 217 places in 2019, 4 years ago.In addition, as most of the operators are small, there are concerns about business withdrawal due to profitability even in the case of general routes that do not receive government support. In fact, the number of general routes in 2023 is 74, a decrease of 3 compared to 77 in 2020, three years ago.The amendment designates existing auxiliary routes as public routes to strengthen state responsibility for maritime traffic, while entrusting the operation of public routes to public institutions designated by the state.Rep. Seo Sam-seok said, “Although the current government announced the introduction of a public passenger ferry system as a national task, the implementation is sluggish without considering the desperate situation of the island residents.” He added, “We urge the state to take responsibility for the island residents’ basic transportation rights and the right to pursue happiness.” Meanwhile, we proposed an amendment to quickly introduce a public passenger ship system,” he said, explaining the background to the bill.Meanwhile, on the same day, Rep. Seo Sam-seok proposed four amendments in addition to the Shipping Act. The amendment to the 「Immigration Control Act」 provides permanent residency to foreign workers who have worked for more than a certain period of time as an alternative to supplement the shortage of manpower in rural areas, while simplifying the entry process so that it can be done electronically. The amendment to the Special Act on Support for Decreased Population Areas stipulates that operators and local governments operating auxiliary routes be supported with navigation and ship building costs for the convenience of island residents. The amendment to the 「Infant Child Care Act」 provides support for lodging and transportation expenses for experiential learning for infants and toddlers in order to bridge the child care gap between islands and rural areas and cities, and provides a basis for support for child care staff. The amendment to the Marine Environment Management Act requires that pollution prevention facilities be installed when installing marine facilities and that the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries conduct regular safety inspections. 








fishing boat-collision. 1 dead, 5 missing in fishing boat collision. SHINAN, South Korea, April 12 (Yonhap) -- One sailor has been killed and five others are missing after a local fishing boat collided with a foreign reefer vessel before it overturned off the southwestern coast on Thursday, authorities said. The crash happened at 00:37 a.m., when the 15-ton 2007 Yeongheung carrying six crewmen hit a 498-ton Tanzanian refrigerated cargo ship and capsized in waters 9.6 kilometers northwest of Shinan, South Jeolla Province, about 350 kilometers from Seoul, according to the Coast Guard. Details on the crewmen's identities were not immediately known. The Coast Guard immediately dispatched a salvage ship and sent signals to other vessels near the site of the accident to help the rescue efforts. One crewman of the Yeongheung boat was found at around 1:25 a.m., not breathing. He died within the next hour. A search under and off the sea is under way for the five missing sailors, the Coast Guard said, including a special rescue team, 17 patrol ships and four aircrafts. It is also talking to the sailors aboard the Tanzanian ship to find out the exact cause of the accident, it added.




Jeonnam Province discharges contaminated water from Japan… All-out effort to stimulate consumption of seafood Provincial government actively discovers online and offline seafood discount events and mass consumers... Expand promotion and sales channels by holding direct sales markets in large cities such as the metropolitan area (Muan = Break News) Reporter Haksu Lee = South Jeolla Province is resolving concerns about a decline in seafood consumption following the discharge of contaminated water from Japan's Fukushima nuclear power plant and implementing various measures to revitalize consumption.In order to recover weakened consumer sentiment, we are actively promoting events to promote consumption of seafood, such as ▲ online and offline discount events ▲ holding direct sales markets in large cities such as the metropolitan area ▲ discovering mass consumers of seafood ▲ seafood promotion campaigns.With an emergency investment of 2 billion won in reserve funds, Jeonnam Province's online shopping mall Namdo Market is holding a discount promotion for Jeollanam-do seafood to celebrate Chuseok.In this special exhibition, you can purchase fresh Namdo seafood at a 30% to up to 50% discount. We plan to focus on selling seafood to all citizens through online discount events linked to large online platforms such as Kakao and Coupang.Previously, Jeonnam Province worked hard to sell and promote seafood by operating a direct transaction market to promote consumption of marine products not only online, but also at the provincial office in August and at Cheonggye Plaza in Seoul and Yongin-si, Gyeonggi-do in September.In the future, we plan to actively expand the sales channel for marine products by holding promotional exhibitions for marine products in metropolitan areas such as Seoul, Gwangju, and Gyeonggi-do together with fisheries cooperatives and fishermen's organizations, promoting excellent Jeonnam-made marine products to consumers in urban areas and selling them at low prices.An event where Onnuri gift certificates are refunded when purchasing seafood at a traditional market is also being held until December 15th. If a consumer who has visited Mokpo Jayu Market, Dongbu Market, or Gwangyang Jungma Market submits a receipt for the domestic seafood purchased at the market, they will receive an Onnuri gift certificate worth 10,000 won for fish worth over 25,000 won and 20,000 won for fish worth over 50,000 won. You can get a refund.We plan to expand the supply of seafood to public institutions such as local governments. We are also working to discover large consumers of seafood by actively requesting that private companies and public institutions, such as large corporations and industrial complexes, purchase seafood for use in their cafeterias.In addition, in order to alleviate the burden of shopping cart prices for vulnerable groups and promote seafood consumption, we plan to provide seafood packages to 2,000 vulnerable households in the province. We plan to restore consumer sentiment through active promotion and information delivery on the safety of marine products.Park Sang-mi, head of the Jeonnam Province Fisheries Distribution and Processing Department, said, “We will proceed without a hitch with consumption promotion measures to help fishermen who are in trouble due to the decline in seafood consumption,” and added, “I hope that the people will also trust and patronize clean Jeonnam seafood.”







INDONESIA FERRY COLLISION

The KM Marina Nusantara ferry is in flames after a collision with a coal barge on the Barito River in Banjarmasin, Indonesia, 26 September 2011. The death toll from a fire on a ferry that collided with a coal barge on the Barito River in Banjarmasin in the morning of September 26 has reached three people..Meanwhile, 66 other passengers are receiving treatment for injuries from the incident at a nearby hospital. The KM Marina Nusantara was carrying hundreds of passengers when it collided with the barge. 




Marine Corps Command prays for the fallen Marines and apologizes to the bereaved families. On the 20th, the Marine Corps Command issued an apology to the bereaved family regarding the fact that he was swept away by a torrent during the Yecheon heavy rain recovery operation. The Marine Corps said, "We pray for the souls of the Marines who died while performing their duties during the heavy rain recovery operation in Yecheon, and we offer our deepest condolences and apologies to the bereaved families." He added that the Marine Corps Investigation Team is currently investigating the circumstances of the accident, and the Marine Corps Safety Team is inspecting and supplementing the safety of the units involved in the heavy rain damage recovery operation. Meanwhile, Private A, belonging to the artillery battalion of the 1st Division of the Marine Corps, went missing after being swept away by a torrent while searching for missing persons after being put into a flooded site in Yecheon. According to the soldiers, the two people who fell into the water swam out of the water, but Private A disappeared while drifting away. The Marine Corps did not put life jackets on the search crew at the time.




Ocean Network Express(ONE) initiated a Global Marine Safety and Quality Campaign during the months of September and October 2019, to reiterate marine navigation safety practices. A month prior to the campaign, ONE’s CEO - Jeremy Nixon, chaired a ‘Marine Safety and Quality Management Conference’ for management at ONE’s global headquarters, where critical aspects of safety and quality status for ONE’s operated vessels were discussed, and priorities determined for ONE’s product offering. Following the conference and part of the Global Marine Safety and Quality Campaign, ONE’s management visited and inspected more than 15 operated vessels in Singapore to accentuate the importance of navigation safety. Amid the inspection, the Master and Chief Engineer were engaged to analyze further measures that could be taken on board to achieve navigation safety excellency. ONE is also rolling out management vessel visits worldwide to reinforce marine navigation safety practices at a global scale. Together with vessel crews’ extended efforts in safe and efficient operations, ONE upholds our core values of continuous quality service delivery and reliability to our valued customers. 




Yeosu's blessed natural environment and its residents' determination to protect the environment make the city a model of eco-friendly urban life, and an ideal host of the World Expo. By Cho Jin-seo Staff Reporter It is certainly not the most populous or poshest part of South Korea. But in the coming age of sustainable growth, Yeosu's blessed natural environment and its residents' determination to protect it make the city a model of eco-friendly urban life, and an ideal host for the World Expo.Yeosu, South Jeolla Province, is bidding for the 2012 World Expo, under the theme ``The Living Ocean and Coast: Diversity of Resources and Sustainable Activities.'' It is competing with Tangiers in Morocco and Wroclaw in Poland to host the international fair.The odds are high for Yeosu to win the bid, as the World Fair is paying more and more attention to the environmental aspects of technologies and development.Located at the tip of the southern coast where the Hanryeosudo National Park begins, Yeosu is host to 317 small and big islets and is blessed with warm, mild weather. It is also the industrial and trade center of southern Korea, accommodating a cluster of high-tech manufacturing complexes, marine research laboratories, convention centers and beach resorts.With its natural resources preserved in harmony with man-made structures, Yeosu wants not only to serve as a critical area for the development of the southern coastal region, but also to contribute to the future sustainability of the world's marine environment.``The oceans and coasts have long been a starting place for journeys toward new lands, discovering new cultures and new experiences,'' said Kim Jae-chul, chairman of Yeosu's bidding committee. ``The expo will offer an opportunity to discuss the future of the vital ocean and to tap into this treasure chest full of resources and opportunities for both developed and developing countries.''The expo, if it is awarded to Yeosu, will focus on three major categories _ coastal development and preservation, new energy and transportation technologies, and cultural and recreational activities.Forums and seminars will be held to discuss the efforts and roles that international organizations, countries, civil societies and other related parties should undertake for the sustainable development of marine resources.Climate change, high-tech sea transportation, seabed mining, marine pollution control, marine security and safety systems will also be on the agenda of the 2012 expo.Other than the exposition itself, the fabulous scenery of crystal-blue archipelagos teeming with various marine life will present visitors with pleasant rest stops. The Korean government designated the south coast shores as a vast national park.




Wando Coast Guard closes 53 private agency reporting centers for ship departure and arrival (Wando = Break News) Reporter Hak-Soo Lee = Jeonnam Wando Maritime Police Station announced on the 8th that it closed 53 civilian agency reports for ship entry and exit services.According to Wando Coast Guard, according to changes in port and port registration ships and operating conditions from the 1st, 53 agency reporting offices including 13 Wando police boxes, 14 Maryang police boxes, 9 terrestrial police boxes, 10 Hoejin police boxes, and 7 aging police boxes. The designated closure measures were taken.The civilian agency report is a place where marine safety management tasks such as ship entry and exit and reporting of maritime crimes are performed by the marine police commissioned by local personnel such as fishing village chiefs to port and port where there is relatively little demand for security. .The agency reporting office, which was closed this time, is a place where there are no registered fishing vessels according to the standards of Article 7 of the Management Regulations for the Management of Fishing Vessel Departures and Ports, where all fishing vessels in and out of port are less than 5 tons, or where the declaration of departure and arrival of ships with more than 5 tons is automated.A Wando Coast Guard official said, “After sufficient communication of opinions with local fishermen, 53 sites were closed.”







Two bodies found from ship wreck in Yellow Sea. South Korea's Coast Guard on Saturday recovered the bodies of two dead crew members of a fishing boat that sank in the Yellow Sea while returning from a search for clues to last week's naval disaster, Yonhap News reported.The bodies of 55-year-old South Korean Kim Jong-pyong and 35-year-old Indonesian Yusuf Haaefa were found at around 10 a.m. and 7:15 p.m., respectively, in waters southwest of Daecheong Island, according to the Incheon Coast Guard.The two were part of a nine-member crew of the 99-ton Kumyang 98 fishing boat that sank late Friday. The fate of the seven other crew, including another Indonesian national, was still unknown.The Kumyang 98 was employed by authorities to help search for evidence that could shed light on why the 1,200-ton Navy corvette Cheonan sank on March 26 near the maritime border with North Korea.The Taiyo-1 -- a Cambodian-registered freighter -- has been detained by authorities in relation to the sinking of the South Korean fishing boat.The 1,472 ton freighter was intercepted at 2 a.m. Saturday and escorted to Daecheong Island, where authorities were to question the crew and check the ship. Reports indicate that there were signs of a collision on the starboard side of the forward hull. "The captain did not admit to a collision, but conceded he felt some kind of impact," a South Korean officer said. He added that an underwater search will be carried out to see if there are other signs of a collision.  




Vessels Based on Industry 4.0 TechnologiesSouth Korean shipbuilders are developing smart ships incorporating Industry 4.0 technologies.Hyundai Heavy Industries, Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering, and Samsung Heavy Industries are further enhancing the competitiveness of the shipbuilding industry of South Korea by developing smart ships incorporating Industry 4.0 technologies. The smart ships they are building already achieved fuel cost reduction, autonomous navigation and long-distance remote control.Hyundai Heavy Industries recently developed a navigation optimization system based on artificial intelligence (AI) and its self-developed Hi-touch Marine & Stationary Engine (HiMSEN). The AI part in the system analyzes big data related to the engine and collected via intelligent ship equipment management solutions. The system reduces fuel costs by more than 10 percent in this way.Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering signed a smart ship development agreement with Hyundai LNG Shipping last month and is planning to put a smart LNG carrier into operation in the first half of this year. It is going to collect navigation data on the carrier in order to establish a real-time remote monitoring system. The collected and analyzed data is expected to contribute to fuel efficiency enhancement, safe navigation and equipment repair and maintenance. In addition, Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering applied its smart solutions to seven 23,000 TEU container ships Hyundai Merchant Marine ordered in 2018. The ships will be delivered in the second quarter of this year and later.Last month, Samsung Heavy Industries succeeded in autonomous ship navigation for the first time worldwide. Its autonomous ship reached a preset destination by searching for an optimum route and avoiding obstacles. The company achieved precise remote ship control and autonomous navigation by combining the ship with 5G communications and cloud-based IoT technologies.Jung Min-heecontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




A South Korean mother who lost her son from the sinking of Sewol ferry in April has filed a compensation suit against the state and Chonghaejin Marine, the ferry operator. This is the first compensation suit brought against the state by a bereaved family member of the tragedy victims.Source: Yonhap News According to the legal circles Friday, the mother filed a damage suit with the Seoul Central District Court asking the government and the ferry operator pay an initial sum of 30 million won for the death of her son, a junior student at Danwon High School a large number of whose junior class students died from the accident.The mother said Sewol ferry was seriously defective after a remodeling to add capacity and was massively overloaded with cargo. Coupled with crew members’ negligence and shortage of space, the ferry lost the ability to regain balance and capsized, she said.She also said as the operator of the ferry Chonghaejin Marine had been negligent about safety training of crew members while the state was lax in supervision of ferry services and licensing. “The defendants all are liable for damage,” she said.The mother asked for a total of 600 million won in damage that included an estimated lost income the son would have made during his lifetime and compensation for her and her son’s mental sufferings.“My son died due to a ridiculous accident on his way to a school excursion,” she said. “Anyone can see that the mental sufferings are beyond words.”The mother said that if necessary, she would prove in details about the defendants’ liability for damage during defense proceedings. “Initially I am putting in a claim for 30 million won but will expand the figure later,” she said.






A computer-generated view of the liquefied carbon dioxide carrier vessel developed by Hanwha Ocean.Hanwha Ocean announced on Sept. 21 that they recently signed a Joint Industry Project (JIP) agreement with Greece’s Ecolog, the American ship classification entity ABS, and Scotland’s Babcock LGE to develop a 40,000㎥ class large liquefied carbon dioxide (LCO2) carrier vessel. Through this agreement, the parties will share their expertise and experience related to carbon dioxide carrier vessels. The plan is to create detailed designs and specifications for a large liquefied carbon dioxide carrier vessel that ensures safety and efficiency.The four companies will examine key issues related to vessel operations and also study ways to minimize greenhouse gas emissions during operations. They will also review the varying purity levels of carbon dioxide, aiming to develop an optimal carbon dioxide carrier vessel that incorporates the latest technologies.Leading this collaboration, Hanwha Ocean will oversee a comprehensive review of the ship’s propulsion performance and detailed designs, including the cargo hold, a key feature of the liquefied carbon dioxide carrier vessel. Ecolog will provide global industry requirements and ship operation expertise. As one of the major global ship classifications, the U.S.-based ABS will examine variables based on carbon dioxide purity and review and approve overall design specifications. Babcock LGE, a specialist in cargo operation systems development, will assist in designing cargo operation systems, including re-liquefaction devices.A representative from Hanwha Ocean stated, “Through this joint research, our company aims to complete the development of a liquefied carbon dioxide carrier vessel with optimal performance and gain a competitive edge in this technical field. Given our recognized expertise and high quality in the liquefied gas carrier market, we will maintain our leadership position in this area as well.”Jasmine Choipr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




As citizen anxiety about marine products grows due to the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant, the city first collects samples once a week from companies that supply food ingredients to local daycare centers and requests testing from the Gyeonggi Provincial Health and Environment Research Institute.On the 30th of last month, samples of four types of seafood and processed marine products were collected from two food ingredient companies and requested testing from the Gyeonggi Provincial Health and Environment Research Institute.The city also conducts a joint special inspection of 20 types of products subject to mandatory country of origin labeling in conjunction with the country of origin honorary watchdog, which consists of 11 citizens.In an inspection conducted from the 1st to the 31st of last month targeting 43 medium and large sales establishments and 200 restaurants handling marine products, no violations were found. Previously, a special inspection conducted for two months from May to June showed that the country of origin labeling obligations were well observed. On this day, the city again began inspections of 282 mid-sized and large-sized stores and restaurants handling seafood.The city is also operating a ‘Citizen Radiation Testing Claim System’ to relieve citizens’ anxiety about radioactive contamination of food. Citizens, group cafeterias, civic groups, etc. can request inspection of agricultural and marine products or processed products from food sellers. The city visits the desired collection stores listed on the application, collects the reported food, and requests a radioactivity test from the Gyeonggi Provincial Health and Environment Research Institute.As of the 1st, radiation safety tests have been conducted on a total of 72 cases, including 42 processed foods, 22 marine products, and 8 agricultural products. As a result of the test, both ‘iodine 131’ and ‘cesium 134+137’, which are the standards notified by the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety, were found to be below the radioactivity safety standard (100Bq/Kg) and were confirmed to be safe.A city official said, “Citizens’ anxiety about seafood is growing due to the decision to discharge contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan,” and added, “We will do our best to minimize citizens’ concerns and ensure thorough food safety so that they can eat seafood with confidence.” said.








WHALING JAPAN SEA SHEPHERD.  Gil sinking in the Southern Ocean. A supplied photo of the Sea Shepherd conservation society vessel, the Ady Gil sinking in the Southern Ocean, 08 January 2010. Sea Shepherd's fast, lightweight boat had its bow sheared off in a collision with the Japanese whaling ship Shonan Maru 2 in the Southern Ocean on Wednesday, sank after a failed attempt to tow it.




13 dead, two missing in fishing boat collision

Thirteen people died, two are missing and seven injured after a recreational fishing vessel was involved in a collision with a tanker off Incheon, west of Seoul on Sunday.

The 9.77-ton boat _ carrying 22 people, including two crew _ capsized after the collision with the 336-ton tanker near the Yeongheung Bridge at 6:12 a.m. on Sunday.

President Moon Jae-in was briefed at around 7 a.m.

Authorities mobilized four helicopters and 14 boats.




ALBANIA TURKEY SINK SHIP. Ahmet Bal (R) try to stop journalists as his ship mate Ahmet Saicip talks on the phone phone call with his family in a hospital in Durres, Albania, 20 October 2011. They are the two survivers of the Turkish ship Reina1, which had a collision with a ferry some 20 miles off Albania s port of Durres Albania on eary hours of 20 October 2011. The Turkish ship with with 10 persons onboard sunk after the collision and Albanian authorities declared officially that two survived and that eight were missing.




Mine emerges as most likely cause of ship sinking.The government was yet to make an announcement on what caused Friday`s explosion that split the 1,200-ton Navy corvette Cheonan apart, three days after the warship sank into the West Sea with possibly dozens of sailors still trapped inside.Of the four possible causes - internal explosion, collision with a reef, explosion of a naval mine or a torpedo attack - the government considered a mine most likely, a Cheong Wa Dae official said yesterday."Judging from what the captain of Cheonan said and the condition of the ship, the possibility of a naval mine explosion seems a bit higher than the other three," the official said."But we are looking into all possibilities for now."Even if the explosion were caused by a naval mine, it would be difficult to determine underwater whether it was placed by South or North Korea, he said."It could have been a mine that we placed and failed to retrieve, or it could have been a North Korean mine that drifted from the North," the official said."It would be hard to confirm underwater who laid it."Several survivors from the sunken ship reportedly ruled out the possibility of an internal explosion or a collision with a reef, drawing attention to the scenarios of a mine explosion or a torpedo attack.Naval mines are placed in water and remain there until they are triggered by the approach or contact with a ship.Defense Minister Kim Tae-young said in a parliamentary hearing yesterday that there were no South Korean mines in the West Sea area, suggesting that any mine there would be North Korea`s."There are no South Korean naval mines along the west coast," Kim said in response to a question by a lawmaker on the parliamentary committee on defense."The Cheonan had passed the area (between Baeknyeong and Daechung islands) about 15 times before. The water there is over 20 meters deep, enough for (the ship) to maneuver."Kim said North Korea placed about 3,000 of the 4,000 mines it imported from the Soviet Union during the 1950-53 Korean War in the West Sea and the East Sea."Not 100 percent of them have been retrieved," the minister said. "North Korean naval mines were found in 1959 and 1984."No signs of a torpedo were detected by the warship, Kim said citing a sailor in charge of the torpedo detecting device.North Korea reportedly has defensive minefields near the disputed inter-Korean sea border.The country that lost track of its naval mines should be responsible for an accident caused by them, according to international law experts.The North kept close watch on South Korean helicopters and vessels involved in the rescue of missing sailors, sending an air force plane on patrol to near the Military Demarcation Line early Saturday, according to the South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff."The North Korean army is keeping vigil," the JCS said in a report to the parliamentary committee."No signs of unusual movements or provocation have been detected. A North Korean air force plane, however, did reach about 30 kilometers north of the MDL at 0:25 a.m. on Saturday."Washington and Seoul have both been cautious talking about the possibility of Pyongyang`s involvement, even though the disaster site is close to the scene of three naval clashes between the two divided Korean states in 1999, 2002 and most recently in November last year.The JCS believes an explosion tore a hole in the rear of the vessel, shutting off the engine and taking the ship down in less than three hours. Officials remain cautious about the cause, however, until specialists are able to reach and investigate the vessel.It was expected to take about a month to pull up the 1,200-ton ship from underwater.




In response to the discharge of contaminated water from Japan's Fukushima nuclear power plant into the ocean, all radioactivity tests on marine products at the production and distribution stages were judged acceptable in order to relieve anxiety among residents and minimize damage to fishermen.Jeju Special Self-Governing Province said, "From the 22nd of last month to October 6, a total of 14 radioactivity tests for fishery products at the production stage (248 total this year) were tested, and all of them met the standards. During the same period, radioactivity tests for fishery products at the distribution stage were also judged to be suitable(total It was announced on the 10th that 25 cases(a total of 172 cases this year) were received.Japan's Tokyo Electric Power Company began the second discharge of water on the 5th, and 7,800 tons of contaminated water (approximately 460 tons per day), which is similar to the first discharge, is scheduled to be discharged until the 23rd.As of October 6, the results of radioactivity tests on fishery products at the production and distribution stages conducted by the government were 56 (cumulative 8,125) and 61(cumulative 5,529), all of which were judged acceptable.As of October 4, radioactivity testing results for imported seafood showed that there were 9 radioactivity tests on imported seafood from Japan (cumulative 3,878), and there were no radioactive seafood.Jeju Island Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Bureau Director Jeong Jae-cheol said, "We are making every effort to relieve residents' anxiety and ensure the safety and reliability of marine products by further strengthening the crisis management system, such as expanding radioactivity testing, and quickly disclosing test results through the Jeju Provincial Office website.""We would like to express our deepest gratitude for participating in the consumption of Jeju’s clean marine products," he said. "We will continue to hold consumption promotion events to prevent consumption of marine products from shrinking in the future to actively promote safe Jeju marine products, while also pooling administrative power to minimize damage to fishermen and small business owners." He added.Meanwhile, ▲ Chuja Island Blue Oyster Festival(October 13-15) ▲ Flatfish Festival (October 14-22) ▲ Hallim Fisheries Cooperative FPC Marine Products Festival (November 4-15) ▲ Yellowtail Festival(November 23-26) Various seafood festivals are held.The regular Onnuri gift certificate refund event held before Chuseok will continue until December 15th at Dongmun Traditional Market, Dongmun Fish Market in Jeju City, and Maeil Olle Market in Seogwipo.Jeju Island plans to focus on promoting Jeju's safe and safe clean marine products by holding events to promote consumption of Jeju's clean marine products in large cities (Gyeonggi and Seoul) in the future.








The Yeosu Maritime Police Station announced on the 31st that it will conduct a 'National Safety Team Diagnosis' for 46 oil and hazardous liquid material storage facilities and unloading facilities in Yeosu over 54 days from the 6th of next month to the 29th of October.This national safety inspection will conduct inspections by forming a joint inspection team with relevant organizations for 35 storage facilities with a capacity of 300㎘ or higher and 11 cargo handling facilities such as coal and cement, which are highly likely to cause marine pollution accidents.
If you look at the causes of oil spills at marine facilities in the past, most accidents occur due to negligence or defects in safety facilities during oil transfer between ships and offshore facilities. Is expected.Through this inspection, the Coast Guard plans to conduct on-site inspection activities to discover and improve marine pollution blind spots through preemptive responses by expanding the participation of related organizations and experts in order to find risk factors that can lead to marine pollution accidents.An official from the Yeosu Coast Guard said, "The leakage of pollutants from large-scale marine facilities is highly likely to lead to a national disaster.




 






Freighter, Oil Tanker Collision Cause Oil Spill Off Busan


An 80,000-ton freighter collided with an oil tanker today, spilling an undisclosed amount oil into the water off the port of Busan.

According to Coast Guard officials, the collision occurred at about 2:20 p.m. as the freighter approached the oil tanker to replenish its fuel, opening a large hole, about 20 centimeters by 30 centimeters, in the hull of the cargo ship, from which fuel oil gushed out.

Emergency actions were taken to stop the oil spill but an oil slick about 800 meters wide was found formed on the water.

The oil spill was stopped three hours later.

Officials are investigating the exact cause of the accident.




According to the Korea Meteorological Administration's forecast that Typhoon Kanun No. 6 will make landfall on the southern coast, the typhoon preparedness has been raised to the highest level.According to Yeosu City and the Coast Guard on the 9th, Mayor Jung Ki-myeong personally inspected disaster risk facilities that are concerned about strong winds and flood damage, such as Yeosu Gukdong Port and Yeondeungcheon drainage pumping station, on the morning of the same day.Deputy Mayor Kim Jong-ki also looked at the preparations for fish farms and fishing boats in Nam-myeon this morning.Along with this, the Yeosu Coast Guard is also taking an all-out response by issuing the 3rd stage, the highest emergency level of the Regional Rescue Headquarters, in preparation for the 6th typhoon ‘Kanun’ moving north.The Yeosu Coast Guard decided to raise the response level of the regional rescue headquarters to three levels at around 11 am on the same day to quickly respond to emergencies and prevent marine accidents.Typhoon Kanun, the sixth typhoon heading north, is heading north at a speed of 14 km/h in the sea around 170 km west of Kagoshima, Japan, while maintaining a strong force with a central pressure of 970 hpa (hectopascal) and a maximum wind speed of 35 m/s.The Coast Guard controls the departure of ships such as passenger and fishing boats in preparation for strong winds and swell waves with weather warnings, and frequently checks the mooring conditions of vessels anchored in ports and inlets. In addition, until the typhoon passes, the risk forecast level for coastal safety accidents has been upgraded to 'warning' to raise awareness and make all-out efforts to prevent coastal accidents.In particular, he said, maritime workers and local residents refrain from entering areas prone to flooding, such as coastal and low-lying areas, and are advised to pay attention to safety accidents when managing fishing boats or facilities.An official from the Yeosu Coast Guard said, "As strong winds and heavy rain are expected, we will focus on minimizing damage through preventive activities such as safety management of avoiding vessels and strengthening patrols at ports, ports, and coastal areas."




 






Central Coast Guard implements safety measures in preparation for the increase in number of wire and pilot boat users during the Chuseok holiday. Implementation of prior safety inspections and special crackdowns on safety violations. -Break News Incheon Reporter Park Sang-do. The Central Regional Coast Guard announced that it will establish a special response period for marine safety management in celebration of the Chuseok holiday until October 3 and strengthen activities to prevent marine safety accidents. According to the Central Coast Guard, the number of people returning to the West Sea islands and tourists visiting the sea using landline ships and pilot boats is expected to increase during the Chuseok holiday, which is longer than usual, and will conduct preliminary safety inspections and special crackdowns on safety violations. Accordingly, the Central Regional Maritime Police Agency organized a public-private joint mobile inspection team from September 11 to 22 and is conducting preliminary safety inspections on multi-use vessels such as wires and pilot ships in the central West Sea. During the Chuseok holiday, we plan to conduct special crackdowns and provide guidance on major violations such as drunken operation, overloading, and overboarding of multi-use vessels. In addition, to ensure the safety of returning travelers and tourists visiting the island during the Chuseok holiday, special measures will be implemented such as organizing emergency standby workers, deploying security ships forward in multi-use vessel routes, and establishing an emergency communication system with related organizations. The Central Regional Coast Guard plans to strengthen maritime safety management by sharing safety navigation information, such as weather and maritime traffic conditions on the routes used by returning passengers and tourists, in real time with guard ships, police stations, aviation corps, and maritime traffic control centers during the holiday season. An official from the Central Regional Coast Guard said, “During this Chuseok holiday, we will do our best to manage marine safety so that all citizens can return to their hometowns and seas with peace of mind, and we will thoroughly maintain a system to prevent and respond to marine accidents.”




NORWAY ACCIDENTS FRIGATE TANKER COLLISION

Norwegian frigate KNM Helge Ingstad at risk of sinking following collision with tanker

Rescue workers (R) secure the Norwegian frigate KNM Helge Ingstad after a collision with the tanker Sola TS, in a fjord near Oygarden, Norway, 10 November 2018. The frigate nearly capsized in the accident on 08 November. The cause of the collision with a Maltese oil tanker, in which seven people were lightly injured, was not immediately clear, media said. The KNM Helge Ingstad was returning back to Haakonsvern naval base, near Bergen, after participating in the NATO-led exercise Trident Juncture 2018 (TRJE18).




Lim made the remarks in an interview with Yonhap News Agency on Thursday shortly after earning his second term. At its 121st IMO Council, held in London, Lim received a unanimous vote from the 40 member states on its ruling council for his second term as secretary-general.His current four-year term was slated to end in 2019. The 62-year-old will now be at the helm until 2023. Based in London, the IMO is a specialized UN agency in charge of the safety and security of shipping.“My first goal is to finish the IMO’s action plan on climate change amid the ongoing issue of automated vessels,” Lim said. “Before leaving the IMO, I will craft a master plan for what role the IMO will play till 2050 in line with the UN’s goal of sustainable growth.”In April, the IMO came up with an initial strategy for reducing greenhouse gas emissions from ships, the most advanced version among all industries and has since been discussing its action plan.Formerly the head of the Busan Port Authority, who oversees port facilities in South Korea’s second-largest city, Lim also vowed to help developing countries adapt to new international maritime norms more easily.“I will try to make an inclusive strategy and culture take root in the IMO, under which developing countries will go hand in hand with advanced nations to observe new international standards,” he said.Lim has spent three decades working for various maritime organizations and served in multiple positions in and outside the IMO. He attributed his re-election to his consistent efforts to act as a bridge among IMO member nations.Lim admitted that it is tough to find common ground among the UN body’s 174 member nations when making decisions on crucial policy issues, as is often the case with any international organization.“When a specific issue flares up, opinions among members are poles apart initially. But I have focused on coaxing them to the negotiating table to hammer out differences.”He said a case in point is the issue of climate change.“Policies on climate change have a tremendous impact on members since they may affect the design and operation of vessels. Interests of environment-oriented countries sharply collide with those of fossil fuel producers,” he said.Touching on Korea’s struggling shipbuilding and shipping industries, Lim stressed the need to cope with international changes proactively.“Korean shipbuilders and shippers will be able to make another leap once they possess the capability to grasp international changes in advance and analyze them comprehensively,” he said.The Korean shipbuilding sector has been hit hard by tumbling orders and increased costs, with the shipping industry also languishing amid the downturn in the global industry and other negative factors.








 






4 missing after fishing boat collides with 23,000-ton vessel. POHANG, South Korea, Jan. 10 (Yonhap) -- Four crew members of a fishing boat went missing after it collided with a merchant ship off South Korea's southeastern coast Tuesday, Coast Guard officials said.
The 74-ton local fishing boat was carrying seven crewmen when it collided with the 23,000-ton Panamanian ship in waters some 22 miles off the southeastern port city of Pohang at around 2 p.m., officials said. Three of the fishermen have been rescued, and the other four are still missing, according to the Coast Guard officials. Their identities have not been confirmed. Authorities said rescue operations are under way to find the missing four.




In a press release dated June 7, the Minsaeng Party announced, “On June 1, the Minsaeng Party announced the ‘Minseng Party Jeju Marado Declaration Against Ocean Dumping of Contaminated Water from the Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant in Japan’ in Marado, the southernmost tip of Korea. About 40 people, including co-representatives Kim Jeong-gi, Lee Gwan-seung, and Choi Sang-im, senior members of the Central Party, Jeju Provincial Party Chairman Yang Yun-nyeong, and city and provincial party officials, attended the event.” The “Picket March Against Marine Dumping of Contaminated Water from the Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant in Japan” around the road ended with enthusiastic responses from Marado residents, student school trip groups visiting Marado, and tourists.” Yang Yun-nyeong, chairman of the Jeju Provincial Party, said in the purpose of the Jeju Marado Declaration against the ocean dumping of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan, “In the sea of Marado, which is at the forefront of the Pacific Ocean, the souls and breaths of Jeju haenyeo and the joys and sorrows of fishermen are piled up, and countless lives are living in the sea and swirling. The Pacific remembers the life of Jeju people who crossed the rough waves and the historical traces of Japanese exploitation,” he said. I will press the Japanese government while fighting until the end of the relay, protect the marine ecosystem and the safety of the people and the right to live of fishermen together with local residents, and spread public opinion of opposition to elicit a decision from President Seok-yeol Yoon to think only of the country and the people.”. Co-CEO Kim Jeong-gi said in his greeting, “Japan still has no reflection on its past history, and Fukushima, which destroys the Pacific ecosystem and threatens fatal pain and safety to neighboring countries by caring for its own interests again before washing away the pain of the people around it. We are preparing for ocean dumping of contaminated water from nuclear power plants,” he emphasized. The best way to protect safety and the right to live of Jeju residents is to fundamentally prevent ocean dumping.” “We warn the Japanese government. Japanese Prime Minister Kishida should accept the demand to give up the ocean dumping of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant and store it on land, which the world and the Japanese people are also concerned about,” he added. Lee Kwan-seung, co-CEO, said, “Due to the discharge of contaminated water from the Japanese nuclear power plant, Marado and Korea’s lotus root waters are unexpectedly in danger of survival. It is impossible. The Yoon Seok-yeol government's inspection team for contaminated water at Japanese nuclear power plants ended up with an empty-handed inspection. There is a K-conscience created by the people. Foreigners visiting Korea are surprised by Koreans who leave valuables in public places and do not steal them. The K-conscience created by these great Koreans is being defiled by the Yoon Seok-yeol government. They are selling K-conscience to cover the marine discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan, whose safety has not been verified at all.” He strongly condemned President Seok-Yeol Yoon for abandoning his conscience acting under the pretext of restoring diplomatic relations with Japan and selling his conscience to look after Japan's situation and pushing his people to the brink.” Co-CEO Choi Sang-im said, “The world environmental organization Greenpeace, Japanese fishermen, the Pacific Islands Forum (PIF), which consists of 18 countries, including Australia and New Zealand, and nuclear experts and marine biology scientists from countries around the world, including China and the Pacific Rim, also disagree. is presenting The Japanese government should deal with the problem of nuclear power plant contaminated water treatment not by considering economic feasibility, but only by considering safety,” he said. It leaned toward the position of the Japanese government. The multi-nuclide removal system (ALPS) claimed by the Japanese government deceives the international community and misleads the Pacific Islands and coastal states, knowing that not all radioactivity is processed and that tritium and carbon 14 are not filtered out, but it is safe. ” claimed. Eun Young-ni, chairman of the Women’s Committee of the Jeju Provincial Party, Seong-joon Park (Busan), and Byeong-hwa Park, secretary-general of the South Jeolla Province Party, said, “We demand the Japanese government, the International Atomic Energy Agency, and the South Korean government through the Minsaeng Party Jeju Marado Declaration against the ocean dumping of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan.” The Japanese government should pay attention to the current movements of the international community. The international community is preparing to file a complaint with the International Court of Law of the Sea and demand compensation from the Japanese government for violating the UN International Law of the Sea, saying that the dumping of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant is an international crime. As a result, the Japanese government is expected to have an aftermath that is difficult to handle, so for the sake of global citizens and the global community, give up ocean dumping of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant, which will cause catastrophe to human and sea life, and switch to long-term storage policy on land. International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA) seeks an international solution to the claim that the Japanese government's enforcement of sea dumping of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant is due to the enormous disposal costs, and the International Atomic Energy Agency is also seeking a flaw in the status of the exemplary IAEA trusted by all countries. Prevent the Japanese government from dumping at sea by presenting strict and objective scientific grounds for the contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan to prevent this from happening It declared that it should play a central role in solidarity with more than 70 civic groups in the U.S. that oppose ocean dumping, including Greenpeace, and 18 Pacific Islands Forum countries such as Australia and New Zealand, as well as Pacific coastal countries such as China, Russia, and India.”




US Navy Orders Broad Investigation Into Destroyer Collision. The U.S. Navy has ordered a broad investigation into the performance and readiness of the Pacific-based 7th Fleet after one of its destroyers collided with an oil tanker near Singapore.The incident left 10 U.S. sailors missing and five others injured.The USS John S. McCain was on its way to Singapore for a routine visit when the accident occurred early Monday morning.The chief of naval operations, Admiral John Richardson, also ordered a pause in operations to allow officials to identify any immediate steps that need to be taken to ensure safety.It was the second major collision in two months - in June, seven sailors died when the USS Fitzgerald and a container ship collided in waters off Japan.




Coast Guard Mulls Arrest Warrant For Captain In Deadly Ship Crash. [Anchor] The captain of the tanker that collided with a fishing boat yesterday off the coast of Incheon, says he thought the smaller ship was going to take action to get out of the way. Investigators plan to request an arrest warrant for the captain and a deckhand.It's believed they vacated their posts when the accident occurred. Ron Chang has the details. [Reporter] The Coast Guard said it doesn't believe the captain of the tanker took proper measures to prevent a collision with the fishing vessel.And according to them, the captain stated that he knew the fishing boat was in close vicinity.He and a deckhand were detained last night on charges of professional negligence resulting in death.If the Coast Guard decides to request warrants to formally arrest the two today, a court could make a decision as early as tomorrow.There are differing accounts as to who was steering the tanker at the time of the accident, which left 13 of the fishing boat's crew dead.Seven were rescued but two others remain missing and the search for them continues.The damaged fishing vessel was salvaged and transported to an Incheon Coast Guard port for further inspection.The incident has rehashed fears from the tragic Sewol ferry sinking and incited strong responses from the public and political leaders.Democratic Party floor leader Woo Won-sik expressed grief towards the loss of life despite the swift response from Cheong Wa Dae and authorities.Liberty Korea Party chief Hong Joon-pyo said the accident was caused by flaws in the country's vessel control system while People's Party leader Ahn Cheol-soo called on officials to devote all resources to find the two people still missing.




The Central Regional Maritime Police Agency (Director Kim Byung-ro) announced that it will conduct intensive crackdowns for vessel traffic safety within the VTS control area from June 3 to 24.The Central Regional Maritime Police Agency plans to conduct a preliminary crackdown notice for one week from June 3 to 10, and conduct intensive crackdowns for two weeks from June 11 to 24.The main enforcement items are all acts that impair the traffic safety of ships, such as violations of reports in the control area, non-hearing and non-response of control communication, departure from the route, exceeding the speed limit, and driving under the influence of alcohol.The Jungbu Regional Maritime Police Agency operates 6 marine traffic control centers (VTS), 4 port VTS (Incheon Port, Daesan Port, Pyeongtaek Port, Gyeongin Port), and 2 coastal VTS (Gyeongin Coast, Taean Coast) vessels in each area. We are working for traffic safety.From the first half of 2021, after the enforcement of the 「Ship Traffic Control Act」 on June 4, 2020, the Central Regional Maritime Police Agency will raise the awareness of ship operators through intensive crackdown every year from the first half of 2021, and strengthen measures to establish maritime legal order. have.An official from the Central Regional Maritime Police Agency said, "Through this intensive crackdown, we will try to create an environment that can preemptively block the risk of marine accidents."




U.S. Navy identifies 7 sailors who died in destroyer collision

Written : 2017-06-19 15:40:03 KST
Updated : 2023-03-30 15:17:18 KST

The U.S. Navy on Monday identified the seven sailors who died when their destroyer, the USS Fitzgerald, collided with a container ship in Japanese waters early Saturday.
The sailors were aged between 19 and 37, and their bodies were found in berthing compartments.  
The U.S. Navy said the victims may have been killed by the impact of the collision or drowned in the flooding. 
The commander of the 7th Fleet, Joseph Aucoin, said most of the ship's sailors were asleep when the incident happened.
 The 9-thousand-ton destroyer suffered severe damage above and below the waterline while the 29-thousand ton container ship, ACX Crystal, sustained only "slight damage."
There were no injuries among the 20 Filipino crew members on board the container ship. 
 Multiple investigations by the U.S. Navy, the U.S. Coast Guard and the Japanese authorities  are looking into how a vessel as big as the container ship could ram into the smaller warship in clear weather.
Other investigations could come from authorities in the Philippines, where the container ship was registered.
 Marine traffic records suggest that the container ship made a sudden U-turn roughly 25 minutes before the crash. 
It is not known why it changed course.




The Korea Aerospace Research Institute on Dec. 4 unveiled the world's first geostationary environmental monitoring satellite Cheollian 2B made with domestic technology.The Ministry of Science and ICT said the satellite in February is scheduled to go into geostationary orbit of 128.2 degrees from the Guiana Space Center in French Guiana. A geostationary orbit is a circular orbit that constantly observes the same area nearly 36,000 km above the equator, circulating and following the direction of the Earth's rotation.The main mission of the Cheollian 2B is to collect observational data on the oceans and the environment in East Asia including the Korean Peninsula, such as movements of fine dust and red tide. For this task, the satellite is equipped with the world's first Geostationary Environmental Monitoring Spectrometer (GEMS) and an improved Global Ocean Color Imager-2 (GOCI-2), improvements from the Cheollian 1 launched in 2010.NASA of the U.S. and the European Space Agency are also developing geostationary environmental satellites equipped with GEMS, but their launches are expected in two to three years.GEMS is an optical piece of equipment with high precision used to monitor fine dust in the air. The Cheollian 2B can collect data on about 20 types of air pollutants in East Asia from as east as Japan to as west as northern Indonesia and southern Mongolia.The imager GOCI observes marine disasters including red tide and algal bloom in real time. Cheollian 2B, thanks to its more advanced GOCI-2, has far higher optical resolution and the ability to monitor more types of calculated data than the Cheollian 1, thus assisting the protection of the marine environment and safety at sea and management of marine resources.From 2021, observational data on fine dust will be released to the public, a year after the satellite's launch, and data gathering will start in October next year. Also in 2021, the emission of air pollutants and concentration of long-distance air pollutants in East Asia including Korea can be checked through mobile videos.Choi Won-ho, director-general of the ministry's Space and Big Science Bureau, said, "With the Cheollian 2B, the government will provide high quality services for the people to effectively cope with disasters they suffer from in daily life such as red tide, algal bloom and fine dust."





This summer, Japan intends to begin releasing wastewater into the sea from the destroyed Fukushima No. 1 nuclear power plant. Japanese officials assure that the operation spanning decades will not endanger marine life or the environment. And to help convince skeptics, they have a willing neighbor, according to Japanese news reports.Quoting a diplomatic source, the reports say that President Yoon Suk Yeol vowed to make all-out efforts to remove public concerns in Korea about the wastewater discharge when he met Japanese lawmakers in March during his visit to Tokyo for a summit with Prime Minister Fumio Kishida.Many Koreans were caught off guard, and this administration's purported stance is further proof that their president is bent on fence-mending with an unrepentant government at whatever cost. Yoon has neither confirmed nor denied the reports. Transparency is not a priority of his administration, though his search for avenues of rapprochement with Japan is clear.As Yoon remains tight-lipped, we can only guess his views about the rationality of the discharge and whether he grasps the potential risks. Hence a confrontation with the main opposition Democratic Party of Korea is underway, each side blaming the other for spreading malicious rumors lacking scientific basis.Amid the accusations, the science community also has misgivings. Seo Kyun-ryeol, a professor emeritus at Seoul National University’s Department of Nuclear Engineering, is an outspoken critic. He is among several scientists who question the contaminated water filtration process and cautions that sea currents will ultimately bring some of discharged wastewater to Korea’s shores.The Japanese government and Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO), the plant’s operator, say all of the radioactive elements have been removed from the water except tritium, and that will be diluted more than 100 times. They emphasize that there is little space for more radioactive water storage tanks and the wastewater must be removed to make way for the storage of fuel debris and complete the decommissioning of the plant over more than three decades.Still, public mistrust is understandable, given TEPCO’s history; a Japanese government investigation report in 2012 said TEPCO had failed to meet initial safety requirements.The amount of wastewater -- or “treated water” as the Japanese government prefers to call it -- amounts to 1.32 million metric tons; it is stored in over 1,000 giant tanks at the plant; the plan is to release the water through an undersea tunnel extending 1 kilometer from the coast over the next three decades, or even longer.The Fukushima disaster began on March 11, 2011, when a 9.0 magnitude earthquake off the east coast of Japan’s main island triggered a 15-meter-high tsunami that disabled Fukushima No. 1 nuclear power plant’s emergency generators that pumped cooling water into its nuclear reactors. Three reactors melted down and operators began pumping in seawater to cool melted fuel rods. Twelve years later, the cooling process still goes on, emitting radiation and producing over 130 tons of contaminated wastewater daily.To rid the wastewater of 62 types of radioactive isotopes, or radionuclides, TEPCO uses its custom device called the advanced liquid processing system (ALPS). Tokyo insists that the impact of the discharge on public health and the environment will be “minimal.”Seo says, “There is no guarantee that all of the system’s many filters for different isotopes will work perfectly all of the time, given the condition and quantity of the water, let alone the period of time required.”The SNU professor highlights the potential hazards associated with cesium, strontium and plutonium, which were released from the reactors due to the disaster. “These substances not only enter the bloodstream but also penetrate the muscles, bones and brain, leading to the development of solid cancers and tumors,” he said.Seo has raised concerns that marine life and ocean currents can carry harmful radioactive isotopes across the Pacific. He warns of the potential risks to entire marine ecosystems, from the deep-sea organisms up to invertebrates, fish and marine mammals through the food chain, eventually reaching humans.Naturally, among the most vocal critics of the ocean discharge is the Pacific Islands Forum, an organization representing 18 island nations. They have already suffered from nuclear tests by the United States and European countries. Their concerns are reasonable as most of their populations are coastal residents who depend on the ocean for their livelihoods.The International Atomic Energy Agency is expected to release its final assessment later this month before Japan embarks on its plan. The root of the problem, as contended by Ken Buesseler, a marine radiochemist and advisor to the Pacific Islands Forum, is that Japan is moving already with a plan which has not proven workable.Masashi Goto, a retired nuclear engineer who designed reactor containment vessels for Toshiba for many years, bemoans the “safety culture” he encountered in the industry. In a presentation marking the 10th year after the Fukushima accident, he said, “Risks can be expressed in terms of their potential for damage or probability of occurrence. Many unlikely scenarios run the risk of horrendous consequences.”Goto’s views concerning the decommissioning of a nuclear reactor are worth heeding. “TEPCO claims to have a decommissioning schedule that can be completed within the next 30 to 40 years, but this is completely unrealistic. Given the severity of what happened and the current state of the reactors, in practice we are looking at a process lasting anywhere from 100 to 200 years.”“What is the number one priority? It’s the same question that was thrust upon the citizens of Japan 10 years ago. Do we prioritize the economy and convenience at any cost, or do we choose to live modestly in safety and free from worry?” he asked.All said, Japan should suspend the planned release of the wastewater. Heeding the concerns of the international community, it may well consider other possible options, such as long-term storage and processing through half-lives of isotopes or cement-based solidification.







Concerns about harsh conditions at a training center in Taen, South Chungcheong Province that resemble those at a Marine boot camp are growing after two 19 year old trainees were found dead while three others remained missing Friday.The tragedies revealed how poorly the private training camp was operated, paying scant attention to the safety and welfare of the participants.On Thursday, 90 high school students from the provincial city of Gongju were taking part in a three-day "Marine boot" camp. The team was resting after a rafting session when two instructors encouraged the trainees to jump into the water.According to the Coast Guard conducting the investigation, the five students were told to continue walking on the mud flat despite the rising water. The two instructors did not give safety instructions, and no one had a life jacket on.A huge wave suddenly swept the students who were struggling to restore their balance on the mud flat. Investigators said that the students didn't know how to swim. Two bodies have been recovered so far.A big question surrounding the tragedy is how the operator, which does not have a license, could take the 90 students into care. The operator, "Marine Corps Leadership Training Center," is a private entity. It has no affiliation with the Marine Corps.Family members of the students as well as school teachers expressed anger at the poor management of the camp, urging the authorities to take stern action against the operator in order to prevent a recurrence of such a tragedy.The instructors were part-time employees, and had no training on how to rescue people in danger of drowning. Local residents also said that the instructors failed to issue a warning that the mud flats could be a serious safety threat. A similar accident happened 10 years ago.Meanwhile, the Marine Corps issued a statement saying that the troubled camp operator has no affiliation with it. It also said it will require private training camps to register with the military authorities as part of efforts to prevent such camps from springing up.Government officials said they will step up a crackdown on camp operators if they violate safety rules.Private boot camps in beach towns are found in many places around the country. However, there is official list of for the number in existence. One reason for this is that there are no legal requirements in place before such camps can begin operating.



 






Marc A. Hayek, president and CEO of Vaud, Switzerland’s Blancpain, is an experienced diver. His keen interest in scuba led the company to actively participate in campaigns that aim to protect the marine ecosystem.According to Hayek, he briefly made eye contact with a big great hammerhead shark, also known as Sphyrna mokarran, in 2014 when he was taking the last test dive to become a certified technical diver. With that intense moment, Hayek became fascinated with marine life.  
After learning that the shark is listed on the International Union for Conservation of Nature’s Red List as endangered, Hayek determined to take some action. The first step was to support the creation of a local association — the Mokarran Protection Society — to focus on the study of the situation in French Polynesia.Hayek then decided to support the Tamataroa Project, which conducts studies about the ecology of the endangered species with the aim of initiating protection protocols in French Polynesia and along the shark’s migratory routes. Tamataroa is the local name of the great hammerhead shark in French Polynesia.Marc A. Hayek, president and CEO of Blancpain. [BLANCPAIN]The project includes a series of ocean expeditions led by French photographer and biologist Laurent Ballesta and his team, known as Gombessa. Blancpain supports them financially.A documentary film the members recorded during an expedition — 700 Sharks into the Dark — has received more than 70 international awards, as well as the nomination for an Emmy Award. Two major additional expeditions have been scheduled so far, which will take place in 2022 and 2023.Blancpain's close connection with the underwater world started in 1953 with the release of Fifty Fathoms, a diver’s watch. The watch helped professional and amateur divers track time underwater and contributed to expedition safety, according to Blancpain. The militaries of many countries including France, Germany, the United States and the Czech Republic, have used the watch.The great hammerhead shark is on the International Union for Conservation of Nature’s Red List as endangered. [BLANCPAIN]All the company’s efforts and campaigns to protect the marine ecosystem are under the Blancpain Ocean Commitment. The Blancpain Ocean Commitment offers support to many projects related to “beauty, knowledge and protection.”  “A decisive aspect for Blancpain is to contribute to improved knowledge of the underwater life by increasing interest,” said Hayek during a recent interview with JoongAng Ilbo. “Learning about marine ecosystems, their complexity and fragility is a key lever for action.”Below are edited excerpts of the interview.Q. You are known as an experienced diver. How long have you been a scuba diver and how did you start scuba diving?A. For as long as I can remember, I have spent my springs and summers on the coast of the Mediterranean when I was young. As a child, I was a big fan of Jacques-Yves Cousteau and spent lots of time freediving and snorkeling. I was particularly interested in fish life. I enjoyed being on boats or on shore, but it was the underwater world that fascinated me the most.During my teenage years, my friends didn't enjoy scuba diving like I did. They just didn't share that fascination with the underwater world, so we spent our time doing other things. Then during my twenties, I met some people who shared the same ocean interests, and so I started diving more. Since then, the ocean has been ever-present. For over twenty years now, I have been devoting 90 percent of my vacations to scuba diving. In 2014, I acquired the certificate and became a technical diver.What makes the Fifty Fathoms watch so special?Blancpain's contribution to the ocean started as early as 1953 with the release of the Fifty Fathoms, which was a diving instrument created purely to fulfill the needs of divers. Having a reliable time measuring instrument was an absolute necessity for diving. By making diving safer, the Fifty Fathoms contributed to the opening of the underwater world. It helped oceanographers, marine scientists, photographers and the public discover the ocean, learn about it and appreciate it, and motivated them to contribute to its protection.  Supported by Blancpain, the Tamataroa project studies the ecology of endangered species in order to initiate protection protocols in French Polynesia and along the shark’s migratory routes. [BLANCPAIN]What was the first marine protection project Blancpain supported and why did you choose that project?Since the early 1950s, Blancpain has always been involved with diving. The Fifty Fathoms was the catalyst of our ocean initiatives. Working with and supporting divers, rather than projects involving submarines or robots, has a deep meaning for Blancpain.In 2003, I decided to go a step further with ocean protection with the launch of the new Fifty Fathoms model. I felt keenly the necessity of studying the marine ecosystem for diver safety. In collaboration with non-profit organization Project Aware and charitable organization Shark Trust, we started a new program called the Whale Shark Project that aimed to protect whale shark. We were able to bring together the diving community, encouraging divers all over the world to contribute to the identification of whale sharks in order to develop a comprehensive set of data, which would help identify the needs for protection.It seems like Blancpain emphasizes the need for ocean protection with a positive and beautiful image, instead of a provocative or negative image. What is the rationale for such an approach?Personally, I react much more to ‘this is something to save’ than ‘this is something you are not allowed to do’ – as, I think, most people do. At Blancpain, we also believe that people can only respect and protect what they love, and can only love what they know. This is the reason why beauty represents one of the three axes that form the scope of the Blancpain Ocean Commitment. In terms of presenting positive messages about ocean, photography is key. Connecting through beautiful imagery is impactful and effective.Are there any internal criteria for determining new project to support?We offer support to what we feel is meaningful according to the three axes mentioned above. A decisive aspect for Blancpain is to contribute to an improved knowledge of underwater life by increasing interest. Learning about marine ecosystems, their complexity and fragility is a key lever for action.Projects are also evaluated based on their overall relevance and credibility, as well as according to their potential to yield concrete and measurable results. We value a long-term vision, rather than immediate and short-lived impacts. This philosophy implies that we share a strong mutual sense of trust and engagement with our partners, which is especially necessary because we take an active role in the ocean initiatives we support. In the case of Gombessa expeditions, for example, the project expanded over the years and we clearly saw the benefits that it brought in advancing the public's comprehension of inaccessible and dimly understood underwater ecosystems.Hayek dives at Tuamotu Archipelago, French Polynesia in Pacific Ocean. [BLANCPAIN]Are Blancpain’s ocean conservation campaigns helpful in boosting the company’s sales?I wouldn't say that there is a direct correlation between ocean conservation campaigns and sales. Our ocean initiatives are part of authentic and global involvement, as well as a rich legacy in the field of diving and exploration that began nearly 70 years ago, which are, I feel, what people are receptive to. Customers, who look for meaning, appreciate Blancpain's honesty and implication. It’s not just about financial support and spending money. It is about acting, and offering a platform to spread the importance that the ocean plays in our lives. By making purchases, clients can contribute to that effort, and it's something they value.I want to know more about Blancpain’s future plans and directions.We have many projects in the pipeline, including long-term initiatives and new collaborations focusing on the implication of the local populations.Of course, we will continue supporting our main partners, such as Laurent Ballesta. In a couple of weeks, the Arrecife Alacranes expedition, which we support as part of our three-year collaboration with Oceana, will start in Mexico. We have also recently announced our partnership with the Ocean Photography Awards, and launched the Female Fifty Fathoms Award, which will be unveiled in September. These are a few examples of the various initiatives that currently constitute the Blancpain Ocean Commitment.As long as I am here, I will continue making it a point of honor to give back to the oceans, try to educate people, try to help, try to motivate people to protect them and preserve their beauty.








On the 29th, the Incheon City Health and Environment Research Institute announced that it had tested 1,899 cases of hazardous substances in marine products, three times more than last year, to strengthen the safety of marine products distributed in the Incheon area.According to the Korea Institute for Health and Environment, the three cases that were found to be unsuitable as a result of the test were taken to ensure that they are no longer distributed.Tests for hazardous substances were conducted on seafood distributed at large discount stores, fish markets, and online shopping malls, as well as seafood delivered for school and daycare centers.As a result of the inspection, a total of 3 cases of nonconformity were found. 1 case of veterinary medicine was found in raw flounder and 2 cases of artificial sweetener were found in dried seaweed. The relevant organizations were quickly notified and distribution was blocked.The Institute for Health and Environment strengthened the safety management of farmed marine products by introducing rapid antibiotic testing for live fish at the wholesale stage by installing and operating a seafood on-site inspection station near the coastal dock.In addition, immediately after the discharge of contaminated water from Japanese nuclear power plants into the ocean last August, daily radioactivity tests were conducted on marine products at Sorae Port Traditional Fish Market and Incheon General Fish Market, and the results were made public on the city and Health and Environment Research Institute websites and posted in newsletters, leaflets, and social networking services (SNS). The safety of marine products was promoted in various ways.In addition, the Incheon City Health and Environment Research Institute announced on the 29th that as a result of conducting a quality inspection of 170 items including medicines, quasi-drugs, herbal medicines, and cosmetics distributed on the market this year, 169 items (99.4%) met the standards.According to the Korea Institute for Health and Environment, a total of 170 items, including 80 pharmaceutical products, 40 non-drug items such as mouth fresheners, 20 herbal medicines expected to be used frequently, and 30 functional cosmetics (wrinkle improvement), were tested for a total of 170 items, including confirmation of each ingredient, content, heavy metals, and acidity. As a result of testing the standards and specifications of products such as (pH), aflatoxin, and formaldehyde, one pharmaceutical product was found to not meet the standards and specifications in the dissolution test, and the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety and related departments were urgently notified.In accordance with the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety's 'Basic Plan for Manufacturing and Distribution Management of Pharmaceuticals, etc.', the Korea Institute for Health and Environment conducts quality tests on pharmaceuticals, etc. every year to confirm their safety. The results of quality tests for medicines, etc. are posted on the Institute for Health and Environment's website so that citizens can learn about them. It is published every month.




Aiming to Commercialize a Self-sailing Leisure Boat in 2022Hyundai Heavy Industries Group's in-house venture Avikus demonstrates fully autonomous navigation of a cruise ship in Pohang City on June 16.Avikus, Hyundai Heavy Industries (HHI) Group's newly established subsidiary specializing in autonomous navigation technology, has become Korea's first company to succeed in fully autonomous navigation of a ship.Avikus announced that it successfully completed fully autonomous, unmanned operation of a cruise ship for 12 passengers at a demonstration event held on June 16 in Pohang City, North Gyeongsang Province.The 10-kilometer-long Pohang Canal is known for complex and challenging navigating environments, as the average width of its waterway is as narrow as 10 meters and the inner and outer ports are highly crowded.Also present at the demonstration event were representatives from Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST), Korea Maritime & Ocean University, and South Korea's leading telecommunications company KT.Deploying state-of-the-art autonomous navigation technologies, such as HiNAS (Hyundai Intelligent Navigation Assistant System), which automatically recognizes objects surrounding the vessel and route to alert the risk of collision based on augmented reality (AR), and HiBAS (Hyundai Intelligent Berthing Assistant System), which provides a full view of the ship when berthing or clearing, Avikus demonstrated fully autonomous navigation of the ship throughout all stages from departure and sailing to return and docking.Notably, advanced navigation assistance systems, including special cameras and LiDAR (Light Detection And Ranging), a remote sensing technology that uses the pulse from a laser to collect measurements as adopted by a large number of autonomous vehicles, have achieved a higher level of autonomous functioning that allows ships, without the help of seafarers, to cope with various unexpected situations, such as adverse weather conditions, strong currents, and appearance of fishing boats.Building on this successful demonstration, Avikus plans to spur its R&D efforts for autonomous navigation technologies and expand their application to all types of ships, including passenger ships and cargo ships.To that end, Avikus is planning for the world's first transoceanic voyage of a large merchant ship relying on autonomous navigation technologies in conjunction with a large local shipping company, possibly as early as in the second half of this year."We are poised to become the world's first to commercialize a self-sailing leisure boat next year, based on our fully autonomous navigation technologies successfully demonstrated," said Lim Do-hyeong, CEO of Avikus. "Through continued investments in R&D and talent, we will establish a position as a first mover in the autonomous ships market, which is considered the ultimate destination for future maritime mobility technologies."According to Acute Market Reports, a global market research service provider, the market for autonomous ships and related equipment is expected to grow at a CAGR (compound annual growth rate) of 12.6%, reaching US$235.7 billion by 2028.Avikus, launched as HHI Group's in-house venture No. 1 in December 2020 to help advance and deepen the group's technologies and expertise relating to autonomous ships, is growing into a leader in the areas of high-tech navigation assistance systems and autonomous navigation solutions.Jung Min-heepr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




AT SEA USA DEFENSE USS JOHN S. MCCAIN COLLISION. USS John S. McCain collides with merchant ship Alnic MC. A handout photo dated 14 June 2017, made available by the US Navy on 10 August 2017 showing the Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer USS John S. McCain (DDG 56) maneuvering alongside the amphibious assault ship USS Bonhomme Richard (LHD 6) for a refueling-at-sea at the Philippine Sea (reissued 21 August 2017). According to news reports on 21 August 2017, the USS John S. McCain collided with the oil tanker Alnic MC near the Strait of Malacca, in the waters east of Singapore. The destroyer was en route to a routine visit to the port of Singapore. There have been no reports of fatalities and, search and rescue operation is underway.




The Ukrainian captain of the Viking Sigyn cruiser, identified as Yuriy Chaplinsky, was released from custody on Thursday, after a Hungarian court upheld its earlier decision to grant him bail,  despite the prosecution's appeals for him to stay under lock and key.
His bail was set at 53-thousand U.S. dollars. Upon his release, the captain covered his face with paper and did not respond to any reporters' questions. The captain's lawyer said his client is very sorry, but the captain denies being responsible for the collision. "I can say one thing, that he is incredibly affected by it. He is very sorry that this happened but this does not mean admitting criminal responsibility." The 64 year-old was arrested earlier this month on suspicion of criminal misconduct,  as his ship slammed into the side of the Hableany tourist boat,  causing it to capsize and rapidly sink to the bottom of the Danube River. The collision killed 25 people with three still missing. Under the conditions of his bail, the captain has to undergo police questioning twice a week and wear an electronic tracking device so he cannot leave Budapest. The search continues for the bodies of the missing. The Hungarian and Korean crews were not able to find any additional bodies during their search of the boat so they're planning to focus on scouring the Danube, particularly downstream from Budapest. Seoul's foreign ministry announced that the two sides will search the river with helicopters, drones, and boats  and deploy more than 60 people for the search. It also plans to seek cooperation from neighboring countries including Croatia, Romania and Serbia.




INDONESIA SINGAPORE TANKER COLLISION. Six missing after tanker collision in Batam
An Indonesian Navy ship patrols near the sinking MV Thorco Cloud after a collision with Stolt Commitment tanker on the waters out of the port limit (OPL) Batam-Singapore, Indonesia, 17 December 2015. According to media reports, at least six people are missing after the tanker Stolt Commitment collided with freighter Thorco Cloud.




BUSAN -- Oh Seong-mok, president of the network business at KT, South Korea’s second-largest mobile carrier by revenue, announced his ambition to bring the company’s latest solutions for small vessels to the global market Wednesday.At a press conference held at Bexco in Busan, Oh introduced the company’s newest marine telecommunications solutions for small vessels at Marine Week 2017, an international maritime exhibition being held from Tuesday through Friday.“We have embarked on the development of maritime solutions with a long-term aim to expand into the global market,” Oh told The Korea Herald. “We have learned that there is high demand for on-shore telecom services in both developed and underdeveloped nations, where ships are crucial parts of individuals’ lives.”KT introduced a big data-based solution to prevent clashes among ships from 10 kilometers away. Dubbed “Marine Navi,” the solution is equipped with an intelligent CCTV and auto identification system that detects obstacles and an unmanned drone named “KT Skyship” that monitors onshore affairs and is able to deliver medical supplies and life jackets at a speed of 70 kilometers per hour. The drone can fly up to 25 kilometers for a maximum of eight hours. Oh Seong-mok (second from left) introduces the Marine Navi system and KT Skyship drone on a yacht in Suyeong Bay Yachting Center in Busan on Wednesday. (KT)For seamless communication between offshore and onshore areas, KT expanded coverage of its Long Term Evolution network services for up to 200 kilometers by establishing high-capacity LTE stations in 90 spots near the coastlines of the Korean Peninsula in September.“Onshore LTE coverage is crucial not only for multimedia use while onboard, but also for safety,” Oh said. “KT aims to continue developing marine safety solutions for individual travelers."Business models for the Marine Navi and drone have not been determined yet, but KT expects that commercialization of the solution packages to small maritime businesses and individual vessel owners is a likely option, the president said.Around 50,000 visitors are expected to attend the Marine Week exhibition this week, according to the organizer. A total of 1,182 companies from 62 countries are taking part in the event this year.




Masan Happo-gu, Changwon Special City, ‘Keep a close eye on consumption trends of marine products at Masan Fish Market’. Kim Seon-min, head of Masan Happo-gu, Changwon Special City, visited the Masan branch of the Anchovy Rights Fishery Cooperative on the 6th to manage the safety of marine products due to the recent discharge of contaminated water from Japan. In order to alleviate citizens' anxiety about the safety of marine products following the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant, Commissioner Kim visited the fishery market and observed the simple radioactivity testing process, publicized the safety of our seafood, and urged citizens to consume our seafood. He also looked at consumption trends, including the status of fisheries product impositions, and listened to the difficulties faced by fishermen and fisheries cooperative officials on the front line. Commissioner Kim is closely monitoring trends in seafood consumption following the Masan Fish Market Festival held on the 25th of last month, and is strengthening promotional activities for fishery industry workers in preparation for the release of a seafood-specific poster that Changwon City is preparing. District Mayor Kim Seon-min said, “There were opinions that the Masan Fish Market Festival to be held on the 25th would be diminished due to Japan discharging contaminated water on the 24th of last month, but we were able to successfully complete the festival thanks to many citizens visiting.” “As inspections are continuously conducted and inspection results are transparently disclosed, we ask citizens to trust the government and the city and use our seafood as much as possible,” he said.




Replacing Materials from Chemicals Industry with RenewablesThe author is an analyst of NH Investment & Securities. He can be reached at  ys.hwang@nhqv.com. -- Ed.In order to reduce demand for petroleum-based plastics that result in environmental harm (eg, in the form of excess waste and global warming), ‘white bio’ revitalization policy is being promoted. From 2020, a range of domestic companies have been entering the white bio industry in preparation for the post-Covid-19 landscapePlans announced for promotion of white bio industryIn early December, the Ministry of Trade, Industry, and Energy (MOTIE) announced its White Bio Industry Revitalization Strategy (prepared by the Bio Industry Innovation Task Force). ‘White bio’ refers to replacing materials from the chemicals industry with renewables such as plants, microorganisms, and enzymes. Petroleum-based plastics are associated with CO2 emitted during production and waste issues after use (eg, microplastics). However, via the use of biodegradable bioplastics (a form of white bio), greenhouse gas and waste-related issues can be addressed, and associated human health-related concerns can be limited as well.The scope of application of biotechnology is expanding from red bio (health/medical) to green bio (agriculture/food/resources) and white bio (chemicals/energy/cosmetics/food, etc). In the white bio industry, the biofuel arena bloomed first, but we expect the bioplastics and fine/special chemicals fields to take off in the future. As of 2018, the global bioplastics market was sized at US$2.9bn (about 0.5% of the plastics market), and the biosurfactant and enzyme markets of the fine/special chemicals sector were estimated at US$4.4bn and US$8.2bn, respectively.In the case of petroleum-based plastics (PP, polypropylene), 2.4kg of CO2 is generated per 1kg of product, and decomposition takes tens to hundreds of years, with microplastic-related issues also presenting a concern. Biodegradable bioplastics (PLA, polylacticacid) are eco-friendly alternatives that generate around 1.2kg of CO2 per 1kg of product and decompose rapidly in landfills.Shift to eco-friendly product mix requiredTo limit air/marine pollution, the government is planning to support the white bio industry from a range of angles. With the market still in a nascent stage, regulations that could hinder development of the industry are to be revised, and local governments and public institutions are devising plans to review projects and offer financial assistance. Going forward, the government is to strengthen R&D support for the development of high value-added white bio products.BASF, Evonik, and Natureworks (a biodegradable plastic materials JV of Dow and Cargill) are currently investing in large-scale R&D and related facilities. In Korea, the domestic industry remains in the early stages of formation. Having started development of biodegradable plastics in 2020, SKC, LG Chem, Lotte Chemical, and CJ CheilJedang are in the R&D phase. After Covid-19, the use of eco-friendly plastics is expected to be encouraged in earnest. Moving ahead, it should become increasingly necessary for firms to create white bio-focused product mixes via preemptive technology development.Hwang Yu-sikcontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




SEOUL, June 18 (Yonhap) -- The government and the People Power Party (PPP) agreed Sunday to expand the inspection of radioactivity levels in the ocean, in response to heightened public concern over the planned release of contaminated water from Japan's crippled Fukushima nuclear plant.The agreement was reached during a policy consultation meeting between the PPP and top government officials. The nuclear power plant, which was severely damaged by a massive earthquake and tsunami in 2011, is scheduled to release the water into the ocean starting this summer.According to the agreement, the number of testing sites for seawater will be increased from the current 92 places to 200.Also, the concentration levels of cesium and tritium, a radioisotope of hydrogen, will be tested every other week, compared with the current frequency of once every one to three months.Both sides also pledged their support for the marine product industry, which has been adversely affected by the reduced consumption of seafood."The government and the ruling party will actively respond after reaching a consensus that various allegations circulating recklessly will severely threaten the livelihood of our fishermen," Rep. Yoo Sang-bum, a PPP spokesperson, told reporters following the meeting.The Seoul government launched a daily press briefing Thursday to keep the public updated on the planned release in response to heightened public concern, as the nuclear power plant began the trial operation of its discharge facility.








The World's First Marine Navigation ServicesThe Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries (MOF) plans to cut maritime accidents by 30 percent by launching marine navigation services next year.The Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries (MOF) announced the Smart Maritime Transportation Strategy at the 12th Science And Technology-related Ministers' Meeting on Aug. 6.The ministry plans to develop a smart marine navigation system to launch the world’s first marine navigation services beginning 2021.Currently, ships are operated with analog technologies such as radar and voice communication, but these analog technologies have limitations in preventing accidents.The government has developed a marine navigation system through the Korean-style E-navigation Development Project, which was launched in 2016, and has been conducting pilot operations of the system since the beginning of 2020.Marine navigation services will provide automatic collision and grounding alerts, remote monitoring of fire and capsizing risks, optimal route guidance, electronic hydrographical charts, ship entry and departure information, and marine safety and weather information in real time. The ministry explained that marine navigation services are expected to reduce maritime accidents 30 percent.In addition, the ministry will promote international standardization of the smart marine transportation system. It plans to secure marine digital source technologies and establish an international marine digital governance system centered around Korea.Marine experts say that a new 30-trillion-won market will be created when the shipping, shipbuilding and logistics markets use digital systems under the policy of maritime digitalization. The ministry plans to operate a testing site for new technologies with major countries in Korean waters and lead international cooperation by signing business agreements with those countries.Choi Moon-heecontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Ahead of Chinese ShipbuildersHyundai Samho Heavy Industries test operates the world's first LNG-powered container ship it has built.The Korean and Chinese shipbuilding industries are recording mixed results in the market of large containerships powered by liquefied natural gas (LNG). While Korea succeeded in building the world's first LNG-powered super container ship, China, the first country to win an order for an LNG-powered super container ship has delayed the completion of the ship for more than a year due to limitations in its technology.Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries, a shipbuilding arm of Hyundai Heavy Industries Group, announced on Aug 24 that it has completed the test operation of a 14,800-TEU LNG-powered container ship ordered by Singapore's EPS and will deliver it to the client on Sept. 15.The vessel is the world's first LNG-fueled large container ship. It is 366 meters long, 51 meters wide and 29.9 meters tall. The vessel is loaded with a large 12,000-cubic-meter LNG fuel tank, which allows it to travel back and forth between Asia and Europe on a single charge. The LNG fuel tank is built with nine percent nickel steel that can maintain excellent strength and impact toughness even in a cryogenic (-163°C) environment. In addition, the shipbuilder has optimized the layout and design of the fuel tank, the fuel gas supply system (FGSS) and a dual fuel engine needed for an LNG-powered ship, boosting its safety and container loading efficiency.Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries received an order to build six such ships from EPS in April 2018. They will be delivered by the third quarter of 2022.Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries has become the world's first shipbuilder to build an LNG-powered container carrier thanks to its shipbuilding prowess, although it received the order later than a Chinese shipbuilder. French shipping company CMA CGM awarded China's SCS Shipbuilding an order to build a 23,000 TEU LNG-powered containership in September 2017. The vessel's initial delivery date was November 2019, but the delivery was delayed due to technical problems and the ship is still at the dockyard. Some experts predict that it will be difficult for the Chinese shipyard to deliver the vessel within 2020.Industry observers say that while Korean shipbuilders are ahead of their Chinese rivals in LNG-powered vessel technology, the Chinese shipbuilding industry is expanding investment in manufacturing technology and related parts to catch up with their Korean competitors. Chinese shipbuilders are accumulating experience in building ships by receiving orders in exchange for big financial support for clients. They are also speeding up their moves to upgrade their technology levels. China's Jiangsu Yangzijiang Shipbuilding Group set up Jiangsu Yangzijiang-Mitsui Shipbuilding with an affiliate of Japan's Mitsui Group in 2019, aiming to build medium-sized LNG carriers in 2022. China Shipbuilding Industry Corp. (CSIC) began to design and develop large-scale LNG carriers by mobilizing a research institute under its wing.Clarkson and Lloyd’s Register predicted that LNG-powered ships will account for 60.3 percent of the world's new ship market by 2025.Michael Herhcontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




The Industry's First AttemptHyundai Heavy Industries Group plans to make an autonomous operation of a super-large liquefied natural gas (LNG) carrier across an ocean.Hyundai Heavy Industries (HHI) Group is promoting an autonomous operation of a super-large liquefied natural gas (LNG) carrier across an ocean for the first time in the world.The group is planning to hold the demonstration event at the end of 2021. It will use a 300-meter-long vessel currently being built by the group's shipbuilding holding company Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering (KSOE).The vessel will be loaded with Hyundai Intelligent Navigation Assistant System (HiNAS) 2.0, which automatically recognizes objects surrounding the vessel and route to alert the risk of collision, and Hyundai Intelligent Berthing Assistant System (HiBAS), which provides a full view of the ship when berthing or clearing.The autonomous navigation technologies were developed by Avikus, a group affiliate specializing in autonomous navigation technology. The route for the demonstration event will be decided later between a Pacific Ocean route and an Indian Ocean route in consideration of the vessel construction schedule.In particular, the group will use second-level autonomous navigation technology for the demonstration. It said that no companies in the world have ever attempted to test autonomous operation of a large merchant ship across an ocean using second-level autonomous navigation technology. Based on the results of this demonstration, the group will decide on commercialization of its self-developed second-level autonomous navigation solution.According to the International Maritime Organization (IMO), autonomous navigation technology is largely divided into four levels. A first-level solution provides decision-making support to sailors such as captains. HHI Group has already commercialized a first-level solution. A second-level solution remotely controls a ship with the crew on board, while at the third level, an autonomous navigation system controls most of the hull with the minimum number of crew members on board. The fourth level requires a completely unmanned autonomous navigation of a vessel by a system that recognizes and controls all situations on its own.HHI Group plans to introduce the world's first self-navigation solution for a leisure boat in the first half of next year after completing an LNG carrier’s crossing of an ocean within 2021. The leisure boat is currently under construction at Hyundai Mipo Shipyard and is scheduled to be delivered to Ulsan City in October next year.Earlier last month, the group demonstrated an autonomous operation of a 12-seat cruise at the 10-km-long Pohang Canal in North Gyeongsang Province.In addition, the group is participating in a national autonomous navigation project led by the Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries and the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy. In line with its carbon-neutral policies, the government has decided to invest a total of 160 billion won over the next five years in developing autonomous navigation technologies. It aims to preempt 50 percent of the global self-driving ship market by 2030. Allied Market Research, a global market research firm, forecasts that the self-navigation ship market will grow by 4.4 percent annually to 150 trillion won by 2030.Jung Min-heepr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Yeongdeok-gun, application for maritime and fisheries subsidy project accepted until the 3rd of next month Yeongdeok-gun announced on the 17th that it will accept applications for the marine fisheries subsidy project to support fishermen's safe and convenient production of marine products by February 3rd.According to the county, the maritime and fisheries subsidies that will be implemented this year are 43 projects in three categories, including fishing boats, aquaculture, and manufacturing and processing of marine products, with a total budget of 5.9 billion won.In the case of this year's support project, the county decided to implement additional support for the purpose of enhancing the effectiveness of the support project and increasing the benefits of fishermen, considering the recent rise in oil prices and material costs.In the direct payment support project for eco-friendly feed for farmed fish, 780 won per pack for high-quality formulated feed and 3,480 won per pack for insect feed are additionally provided to reflect the increase in feed cost.In addition, among safety-related projects, the oil-saving fishing boat buoyancy board installation project provides additional support of KRW 50,000 per meter based on the length of the fishing boat, and supports safety management of small fishing boats by supporting shop expenses and painting expenses for inspection of small fishing boats under 10 tons. For the project, an additional 400,000 won will be provided from the standard amount for each tonnage of fishing boats.In addition, the fuel cost support project for fishing and the insurance premium support project for fishermen decided to add strength to business stability by additionally supporting military expenses in addition to national and provincial expenses to provide practical help to fishermen who are suffering from rising fishing expenses.Applications for this support project are fishermen, fishing villages, fishing corporations, and fishery product manufacturing/processing companies.The selection of project recipients is determined in consideration of priorities after reviewing applications and documents for each project in accordance with the 2023 Marine and Fisheries Business Guidelines, and the final project recipients are determined through deliberation by the Yeongdeok-gun Local Subsidy Management Committee.Yeongdeok-gun Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Manager Jeong Sang-ho said, “The situation is that fisheries and fishermen are in a lot of difficulties due to the recent economic deterioration at home and abroad and the decrease in fishery resources.” As much as it is designed and implemented, I hope you will apply for the business you absolutely need and realize the increase in income.”








Inspection of fishery product safety management with Jeonnam Province and the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries Examining the radioactivity testing system at the production and distribution stages and seeking to overcome the crisis with city, county, and fisheries cooperatives Muan/Mokpo = Break News) Reporter Haksu Lee = On the 4th, South Jeolla Province, along with Minister of Oceans and Fisheries Cho Seung-hwan, inspected the status of fishery product safety management and held a meeting with fishery industry officials to overcome the crisis caused by the discharge of contaminated water from Japanese nuclear power plants.At the inspection and meeting on this day, Park Chang-hwan, Deputy Governor for Political Affairs of South Jeolla Province, attended and confirmed the radioactivity testing system for marine products from Jeonnam following the Japanese government's discharge of contaminated water from nuclear power plants. He then visited Shinan-gun (shrimp farm) to inspect inspection procedures, including on-site sample collection, and listened to the difficulties faced by the aquaculture industry.In addition, we visited Mokpo Cheongho Market, a traditional market, to understand trends in seafood consumption, and also conducted a special inspection on the country of origin labeling of secondary imported seafood jointly between the public and private sectors.At the fisheries industry meeting, the three cities and counties of Mokpo, Wando, and Shinan in the Southwest Sea region, and the five fisheries cooperative heads of Mokpo, Gangjin, Wando, Jindo, and Shinan, listened to the overall difficulties caused by the discharge of contaminated water from Japan, and sought joint ways to overcome the crisis and respond. did.Vice-Governor Park said, “Jeonnam-do is the No. 1 metropolitan government in producing marine products in the country, and has established the best safety management system in preparation for the discharge of contaminated water from Japan through safety production and management measures for marine products, establishment of response plans before, during, and after discharge, and formation of a dedicated organization.” “You can use Jeonnam seafood with confidence,” he emphasized.Jeonnam Province is concentrating all its administrative power on overcoming the crisis in the fishing industry caused by a decline in consumption by urgently investing 2 billion won in reserve funds and operating all-round crisis-overcoming programs such as ▲online win-win discounts ▲direct transaction markets in large cities ▲consumption campaigns.





HMM is extending a program to set aside cargo space for smaller companies. The company, which is Korea's largest shipper, said Friday that it signed an agreement with the Korea SMEs and Startup Agency (Kosme) to offer 50 twenty-foot equivalent units (TEU) on vessels heading to Europe through December. The company plans to extend its offering of 350 TEU on container vessels heading to the United States, which started in November, through December too. Exporters continue to struggle to secure space on ships as Covid-19 has resulted in high demand. The decision is part of the company's plan "to support Korea's small-and-mid-sized companies to gain competitiveness by offering smooth export through marine transportation," said Bae Jae-hoon, HMM CEO, in a statement. "As a representative shipper in Korea, [HMM] will have a sense of responsibility and put in its utmost effort to help cargo be transported smoothly." "Uncertainties in marine transportation have escalated following the recent accident in Suez Canal and the rapid increase in global quantity of goods transported," said Kim Hak-do, President of Kosme. He vowed to "expand the number of vessels for small-and-mid-sized firms and stabilize marine transportation fees, along with the establishment of stable and sustainable logistics in partnership with HMM and related parties." "It is particularly difficult for small-and-mid-sized companies to secure spots because unlike larger firms, they don't sign contracts in advance to secure spots on a vessel because the number of products they export is smaller in volume," said Kim Seong-min, a spokesperson for HMM.




SWEDEN OIL SPILL. A picture made available on 18 September shows Swedish Coast Guard vessels lay booms laying booms around a thick oil slick at Tjorn, Swedish west coast on 17 September 2011. The spill, one of the largest in Sweden in several years comes from a ship collision off the Danish west coast 10 September.




The Busan Prosecutors' Office has imposed travel bans on eight former and current employees of the Korean Register of Shipping including its ex-president Oh Kong-kyun.According to the special investigation team in Busan, the eight are suspected of embezzlement and breach of trust, among other charges.The Korean Register of Shipping, or KRS, is an agency commissioned by the government to carry out inspections of maritime vessels.Prosecutors say they're looking into allegations that the KRS failed to enforce safety regulations and conduct thorough inspections of the Sewol Ferry.The KRS had approved the renovations to the ship from 2012, which investigators say compromised the stability and safety of the vessel.The Korea Shipping Association is also coming under fire as it allegedly approved documents by the ferry's operator regarding its cargo.The shipping association is responsible for routine safety inspections, but records show the Sewol ferry was carrying more than three times the recommend weight of freight and that its cargo may have been improperly stored.The offices of both shipping watchdogs were raided yesterday by authorities, who are on a mission to investigate malpractice in the entire shipping industry.Meanwhile, the joint investigation team is expanding its case into the ferry's operator Cheonghaejin Marine Company.According to prosecutors, the crew members testified that they had received little or no standard safety training.A 2013 audit report showed the the marine company spent less than 600,000 won on crew training such as evacuation drills.In comparison, a rival shipping firm had spent more than 18 times that amount during the same period on training programs.Authorities also seized yesterday the Sewol's sister ship "the Ohamana Ferry" owned by Cheonghaejin Marine, in an effort to find more clues behind the exact cause of the disaster.




 






Guri Mayor Ahn Seung-nam submits budget for 2021 to Guri City Council...
Propose directions for municipal administration such as joint response to the climate crisis and the Green New Deal... Establish a budget of KRW 711.3 billion, up 11.04% from this year -Reporter In-Gyu Ha (Guri = Break News, Northeastern Gyeonggi Province) = Guri Mayor Ahn Seung-nam submitted the budget for 2021 at the 1st plenary meeting of the 2nd regular meeting of the 301st Guri City Council on November 20. I gave a speech. Mayor Ahn Seung-nam is proactively implementing the G-quarantine measures this year, and this is thanks to the business owners, workers, and citizens who have dedicated themselves to quarantine for the safety of their families and communities rather than themselves, as the citizens of Guri themselves became the quarantine agents. Expressed first. Unless the corona 19 situation ends next year, all meetings, education, discussions, performances, and other various events will have to be reduced or suspended, and projects that cannot be done with Corona 19 and projects that are not effective will be boldly organized and through this, the Korean version of the New Deal. It announced that it will invest in future strategic projects in Guri, such as the project and joint response to the climate crisis. First, in order to realize the'Guri, the Citizens' Happiness Special City' where 365 days are happy, reflect and improve the situation of Corona 19 next year and the contents of festivals promoted throughout the city center of the previous year, from January 1 to December 31. It has announced that it will promote a culture and art policy of happiness that all citizens can enjoy, such as holding a 365-day festival. Second, strengthening health and health functions to prevent and block the spread of infectious diseases, expand health life support centers, establish a health management system for the underprivileged, and live sports around town to promote health such as enhancing citizens' immunity and expanding health and exercise infrastructure. We will manage as a healing space for a healthy life by expanding facilities, expanding joint use of school sports facilities with local residents, creating a civic sports ground, starting construction of Galmae public sports facilities and Geombae Cultural Sports Center, preparing Geombae Neighborhood Park Phase 2 project, and improving waterfront park facilities. Said that it will. Third, to accelerate the response to the climate crisis and to promote the Green New Deal, three areas including the green conversion of urban/space/living infrastructure in response to climate change that threatens citizens' safety, diffusion of low-carbon distributed energy, and creation of a green industry innovation ecosystem 7 Based on the “Green New Deal, Guri” comprehensive plan consisting of 40 major projects, a leading city for living bicycles, AI-based cutting-edge smart cities along the Han River, E-commerce logistics complex creation, Guri agricultural and marine products wholesale market relocation, food It also announced plans for mid- to long-term projects such as the Tech Valley project. Fourth, in order to create an economic city full of vitality by creating jobs and revitalizing the local economy, the successful promotion of business in the second year of revitalization of commercial districts, the goal of issuing Guri Love Gift Certificates of KRW 73.5 billion, an increase of 130% from this year, and the elderly, women, youth, and vulnerable groups It was announced that the construction of the second public parking building in the Guri traditional market will also be completed at the end of next year, while striving to support small businesses by creating customized jobs and introducing public delivery apps. In addition, by using the shared space in the Gurisutaek Happy House, which is scheduled to be completed next year, a community and social economy support center, a happy village management office, a care center, a worker support center, and a public service support center, etc., are installed for local residents. It has been revealed that the idle space in the distribution complex market that expires in the rental period is seeking various ways to use it, such as the Donggu-dong Administrative Welfare Center, the shared kitchen, the companion animal culture center, the local video media center, the disabled group office, and the transportation support center for the disabled. Fifth, for the realization of inclusive welfare that we care for and enjoy together, welfare services based on public-private partnerships such as revitalization of investment projects for 8 types of self-serving social services that reflect diverse needs such as children, the disabled, and the elderly, and community security councils and honorary social welfare officials. , Preventing and solving local welfare problems by strengthening networks with specialized welfare institutions, opening the Women's Happiness Center, remodeling the elderly welfare center, opening a lifelong education center for the developmentally disabled, promoting public funerals, and participating in the construction of joint business facilities. He announced that he would realize the welfare of being cared for without discrimination even to the grave. Sixth, in order to establish a citizen-satisfying urban transport system, we are carrying out a complete restoration work with the safest construction method in relation to the ground depression accident that occurred in the section of subway line 8 in August, putting the highest priority on citizen safety, and aiming to open it in the second half of 2023. It was reported that the operation of Byeolnae Line, which is being promoted, is planning to establish an optimal operating system through basic plan establishment services. Railroad transportation plans such as subway line 6, line 9, Bundang line-Gyeongchun line direct connection extension, and GTX-B line will be promoted in connection with the related metropolitan area plan and nearby urban development projects, and through the construction of Inchang Central Park and Geombae Neighborhood Park public parking lot. It also announced the status and improvement of convenient and safe transportation system such as realization of public parking lot, construction of public parking lot for Galmae-dong buses and taxi public parking lot in Inchang-dong and sharing of attached parking lot, expansion of wide-area road between Guri IC and Taereung, and Galmae IC construction project. Seventh, the'Guri Innovation Education District Season III' project was promoted in the first year of the'Guri Innovation Education District Season III' project, and the construction of the youth culture house started in the first half of next year, and the youth sexual culture center was officially launched in the beginning of next year to focus on the lifelong learning education city and democratic citizenship. The opening plan was also announced, and it announced that it will continue to spread the new normal non-face-to-face discussion culture in the post-corona era by activating public-private cooperation such as pilot operation of residents' associations, training community leaders in local communities, operation of resident autonomy capacity building programs, and operation of public forums. The total budget for next year is KRW 711.3 billion, an increase of 11.04% from the original budget this year, to KRW 548.3 billion in general accounts and KRW 166.4 billion in special accounts. Social welfare expenses amounting to 43.93% of the city's total budget and Jangja Lake Park Eco Park He also expressed his intention to set up a budget for an indispensable project for all citizens, not some specific class, due to the fact that the available financial resources are very scarce due to large investment projects such as the expansion project and the construction of Galmae public sports facilities. In the closing speech, cooperation with the city council amid the unprecedented crisis of Corona 19 is more urgent, and in particular, I sincerely ask for the wisdom, active interest, participation, and generous support of the Guri city council and members of the Guri city council and its members in promoting policies and concerns about the socially weak. I wished everyone's homes a new year of health and happiness.




SEOUL, May 9 (Yonhap) -- A U.S. naval ship collided with a South Korean fishing vessel in the East Sea on Tuesday during its training mission, defense authorities here said."There was an accident involving the U.S. cruiser USS Lake Champlain and the South Korean fishing ship 502 Namyang in the waters south of Ulleung Island at around noon today," a military official said.But there was no report of any casualties from the accident involving the Ticonderoga-class guided-missile cruiser, he added.As part of the Carl Vinson Strike Group, the cruiser is participating in joint drills with South Korea's Navy near the peninsula, along with several other ships, including the Nimitz-class aircraft carrier, and Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyers USS Wayne E. Meyer and USS Michael Murphy.




Samsung Heavy Industries participates in KORMARINE 2023... “Acquired AIP certification for ‘SVESSEL CBM’ from the U.S. ABS classification system! Recognizing the reliability and competitiveness of the. Samsung Heavy Industries (CEO Jin-Taek Jung) announced that it participated in the ‘23rd International Marine, Shipbuilding, Offshore, Oil & Gas Exhibition (KORMARINE 2023)’ held at BEXCO in Busan for four days from Tuesday, October 24th to Friday, October 27th. Since its establishment in 1974, Samsung Heavy Industries has received orders for a total of 1,413 ships and offshore plants from the world's leading shipping companies, having successfully delivered 1,256 of them by December 2022. Additionally, it has the world's largest construction performance in the fields of FLNG, FPSO, and drillships. In addition, it has differentiated technological competitiveness, turnkey manufacturing capabilities, and topside design and construction capabilities, which are the core of offshore plants. Through this, the company explains that it is being recognized by major oil companies around the world based on its accumulated shipbuilding technology in the offshore plant market, such as fixed offshore equipment, TLP, and floating offshore structures that require high stability and technical skills.At this exhibition, Samsung Heavy Industries introduced the ‘SVISION’ and ‘SAS’ systems. SVISION can remotely monitor in real time around the very close proximity of a ship that cannot be detected by existing Ship around-view monitoring system radar or AIS. The system is installed at the edge of the wing bridge of the deck house and displays a combination of images from multiple cameras and various navigation methods in augmented reality, allowing the crew to quickly recognize dangers around them.An official from Samsung Heavy Industries emphasized, “SVISION is installed on ships built by our company, has high performance, is easy to install, and is easy to repair in case of damage.”SAS (Samsung Autonomous Ship) is an autonomous navigation solution that can perform automatic navigation along the ship's planned route. During navigation, it recognizes other ships and obstacles on the route, periodically searches for collision avoidance routes based on situational awareness information, and controls the direction and speed of the ship to conduct autonomous navigation.In regards to this, an official said, “AI-based SENSOR FUSION situational awareness technology was applied and continuous testing was conducted on a number of demonstration vessels. Furthermore, we are continuously upgrading autonomous navigation performance through simulations based on actual voyage data.”In addition, Samsung Heavy Industries obtained SMART MHM (Machinery Health Monitoring) AIP certification for "SVESSEL CBM (Condition Based Maintenance)", a state-based intelligent fault diagnosis system, from ABS advancement in the U.S., at this exhibition on Wednesday the 25th.SVESSEL CBM, which utilizes IoT and AT technologies, is a smart solution that remotely analyzes the electric and current signals of major ship equipment to diagnose failures in real time and predict maintenance times. It is currently being applied to LNG carriers built by Samsung Heavy Industries.Hyun Joe Kim, head of the Samsung Heavy Industries Autonomous Flight Research Center, said, “By receiving certification for SVESSEL CBM technology from ABS, the reliability and competitiveness of Samsung Heavy Industries’ intelligent fault diagnosis method has been recognized,” adding, “We will further upgrade the participatory smart maintenance platform in the future.” he said.Meanwhile, the International Marine, Shipbuilding, Offshore, Oil & Gas Exhibition (KORMARINE) is an exhibition that has grown along with the domestic shipbuilding and maritime industry over the past 40 years. KORMARINE 2023, co-hosted by Busan City, the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy, Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency, Korea Shipbuilding and Offshore Plant Association, Korea Shipbuilding and Marine Equipment Industry Cooperative, Lead K Fairs Co., Ltd. and BEXCO, focused on domestic and overseas shipbuilding, offshore plants and marine energy, showing off cutting-edge equipment and new technologies.





Of the scores of individuals, agencies, and companies under investigation, authorities say the two employees, identified as Ahn and Kim, played a central role in the ferry disaster.
Ahn is a director in charge of marine safety operations at Chonghaejin Marine, while Kim is the team leader of the company's logistics division.The joint team in charge of the Sewol investigation has requested arrest warrants for both men on charges of criminal negligence, accidental homicide, and violation of maritime safety law.After being questioned yesterday, prosecutors suspect Ahn and Kim of frequently overloading the ferry with cargo despite knowing that recent renovations had compromised the ship's safety.In addition, investigators say Kim had tried to tamper with computer records regarding the Sewol's cargo volume upon hearing new of the accident.Meanwhile, prosecutors say they are considering summoning actress Jeon Yang-ja for questioning over her close relationship with the ferry's de facto owner Yoo Byung-eun.Jeon is the head of local media group and is also affiliated with the controversial religious organization reportedly led by owner Yoo.The prosecution suspects that funds from members of the religious group were illegally used in business operations at Cheonghaejin.Prosecutors added that Yoo's second son and two close aides to the owner family have also refused to appear for questioning this morning.





Anyang City has formed a task force (TF) dedicated to Fukushima radioactively contaminated water and held an emergency meeting presided over by Anyang Mayor Choi Dae-ho to strengthen safety management and country-of-origin labeling monitoring of distributed seafood. As Japan actually discharged contaminated water from Fukushima on August 24, Anyang City held an emergency meeting at 10:00 a.m. on the 25th in the reception room of City Hall to prepare countermeasures against the discharge of contaminated water. In order to respond to the discharge of contaminated water on August 22, Anyang City, the head of the Welfare and Culture Bureau, the heads of related departments such as the Sanitation Policy Division, the Business Economics Division, the Education and Youth Division, the Anyang-si Agricultural and Fishery Products Wholesale Market Management Office, and the Director of Anyang-Gunpo Uiwanggwacheon Joint Meal Support Center, etc. A task force dedicated to Fukushima radioactively contaminated water was formed with 10 members. Tokyo Electric Power, the operator of the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan, started releasing contaminated water stored in the water tank after preliminary work from around 1:00 pm on the 24th. The meeting was attended by Deputy Mayor Jang Young-geun of Anyang City and the Fukushima Radioactively Contaminated Water Task Force (TF) led by Namgung Gyu-mi, Director of Welfare and Culture Bureau. At this meeting, Mayor Choi Dae-ho said, “Please revise the management system to ensure food safety, and focus all efforts on safety management of aquatic products in particular.” Please do your best to come up with countermeasures,” he stressed. For food safety of citizens, Anyang City Strengthening safety management and supervision of distributed marine products and expanding safety inspections Strengthening monitoring of the country of origin of marine products (September campaign, special inspection in October) Anyang-Gunpo Uiwanggwacheon Shared Meal Service Support Center School meal ingredient management system It was decided to promote maintenance (mandatory radiation inspection when receiving fishery products). In addition, while the Common Meal Service Support Center has conducted about 600 safety inspections in the first half of the year to ensure the safety of school meals and is disclosing the results on the center's website, the results of safety inspections for aquatic products conducted by each department are also planned to be released through related websites. am.




Incheon Marine Police Station announced that it will issue a safety accident risk forecast ‘advisory’ from the 28th to October 3rd. According to the Incheon Coast Guard, special caution is needed as the number of tourists visiting the sea during the Chuseok holiday is increasing and the possibility of coastal accidents is high due to rising sea levels. Incheon Coast Guard is strengthening land and sea patrols according to tidal times and maintaining emergency response readiness to prepare for coastal accidents such as tidal flat isolation. An Incheon Coast Guard official said, “It is expected that many people will visit the sea during the Chuseok holiday,” and added, “When engaging in activities in island areas and coastal waters, marine safety rules such as not entering dangerous areas, wearing life jackets, and checking the tide must be observed.” did. Meanwhile, by downloading and using apps such as ‘Sea Navi’, ‘Harrod’, and ‘Safe Sea’, you can obtain various marine safety information such as tide tables.




Largest in NAA view of Hyosung TNC's booth participating in the Outdoor Retailer Show, the largest outdoor industry exhibition in North America.Hyosung TNC announced that it has been participating in the Outdoor Retailer (OR) Show 2023, the largest outdoor industry exhibition in North America, held in Salt Lake City, Utah, the U.S., from June 19 to 21.At this year's OR Show, Hyosung TNC is showcasing Regen Ocean Nylon, made by collecting and recycling abandoned fishing nets that are a major cause of marine plastic pollution, and Regen Ocean Robic, a high-strength product of Regen Ocean Nylon.Osprey showcased their 2024 Spring/Summer season Talon Earth collection, which uses Hyosung TNC's Regen Ocean Robic. Talon Earth is a technical backpack product primarily made of recycled fabrics, sewing threads, and zipper chain plastics. It's Osprey's first backpack approved by “bluesign,” boasting the same comfort and durability as existing products. Hyosung TNC had developed MIPAN regen Robic after a year of research in close cooperation with Osprey back in 2020.Hyosung's Chairman Cho Hyun-Joon emphasized, “Hyosung TNC is the only company in the world that can produce recycled fibers of the three major synthetic fibers,” adding, “As a leading company in eco-friendly fibers, we will continue to strive for product research and development for a sustainable and active lifestyle.”Jasmine Choipr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




At 5:46 am on the 9th, an accident occurred in which a car parked in the port of Garyeokdo, Buan-gun, Jeollabuk-do, fell into the sea.In particular, the accident vehicle was completely submerged in the sea at a depth of 3m, but the driver of the vehicle, a woman in her 60s, was rescued by the Coast Guard who responded to the report and there were no casualties.It was confirmed that Mr. A dropped off her husband at Gyeokhang Port to move the vessel that was moored in the port on the same day, parked the car on a steep slope, and waited while waiting for it to crash into the sea.The Coast Guard transferred Mr. A, who was breathing and conscious, but complained of hypothermia to a nearby hospital, and at the same time completed towing the vehicle for marine pollution prevention and marine safety, and is currently investigating the exact cause of the accident.On the other hand, the Coast Guard, who was dispatched after receiving a report from a fisherman, arrived at the scene in about 20 minutes and showed the skill of dramatically rescuing Mr. A from a completely submerged vehicle.





Cruise Ship Steamed on After Danube Tragedy. Video footage of the sinking of a pleasure boat in Hungary last Wednesday that killed dozens of Korean tourists shows the cruise ship that rammed it reversing and calmly continuing on its course.The footage was taken by the security camera of another ship at dock in front of the two vessels and gives a more accurate view of the accident than video clips available so far.A Hungarian body of pleasure-boat operators on Saturday released the footage, which shows the Swiss-registered cruise ship Viking Sigyn ramming the left side of the stern of the Hableány, which was carrying 33 passengers. It then reverses slowly and idles for about 40 seconds next to the sinking pleasure boat, only to resume its course.
That suggests the Ukrainian captain of the Viking Sigyn, who has since been arrested, and his crew were aware of the collision but failed to help the passengers of the tourist boat.Meanwhile, Korean and Hungarian rescue divers continued searching for missing passengers but were unable to make further progress. Seven passengers were found dead right after the accident and seven were rescued, but 21 including the captain and sole crewmember of the Hableány are unaccounted for.Rescue crews used boats and helicopters to search up to 50 km downstream in the fast-flowing Danube, but recovered only a slipper, backpack and hat 14 km from the scene of the accident.
Rapid currents and swollen waters following four days of heavy rains posed a major obstacle. The speed of the underwater current on Sunday reached 4.3 km/h, slower than 5-6 km/h on Saturday but still too fast for diving. The water level at the scene dropped from 9.3 m to 7.6 m, but that was still way above the average 3 m depth.
Authorities plan to send in divers again on Monday when the water level is expected to drop. Hungarian authorities proposed salvaging the Hableány first, but the Korean government prefers to have divers search through the vessel first.The salvage will start on Thursday if the currents remain too fast for diving.Families of the missing started arriving in Budapest last Thursday and met with Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha on Saturday. They urged her to ensure that divers accurately assess how many missing passengers remain trapped in the wreck and that none of their belongings are lost.
They also asked authorities to look further downstream. The Korean and Hungarian governments have requested the help of Serbia, Romania and Croatia to expand the search area.Some 520 km downstream from the scene is the Iron Gate Dam between Serbia and Romania, and it is not uncommon for drowned bodies from all along the Danube to be found there.




SEOUL, Aug. 23 (Yonhap) -- Japan's imminent release of treated radioactive water from its crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant into the sea has deepened concerns among South Koreans over the safety of seafood, and restaurant owners and fishermen are already feeling the pinch of the controversial discharge.Many here, in particular, are worried about Japan's growing pressure on South Korea to lift the ban on seafood imports from Fukushima regions, though the Seoul government has flatly dismissed chances of its lifting while intensifying monitoring and testing to dispel public jitters.On Tuesday, Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida announced the release of around 1.34 million metric tons of treated radioactive water from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant into the sea starting Thursday, some 12 years after the facility was crippled by a massive earthquake and tsunami."Sales have sunk more than 50 percent after Japan announced the Fukushima plan," Wang Sang-cheol, a sushi restaurant owner at Seoul's Noryangjin market, said. "We are literally in a dire situation as we are still struggling to make up for losses from COVID-19."In the aftermath of the radioactive water leakage from a storage tank at the Fukushima plant in 2013, sales of seafood in South Korean traditional markets tumbled around 40 percent, and major discount chains suffered a 20 percent decrease in seafood sales, according to the National Federation of Fisheries Cooperatives.South Korean imports of Japanese seafood have already been on the decrease for four months in a row until July, according to data from Statistics Korea.A survey by Consumers Korea, a local civic group, showed that 91.2 percent of 525 respondents vowed to have less seafood and 63.2 percent said they had already reduced consumption out of safety concerns.
"We hoped for growth in demand for and prices of abalone as the Chuseok holiday season draws near, but things are rather getting worse due to the Fukushima issue," an abalone aquafarm owner in the southwestern county of Wando said.Market watchers say consumers' loss of appetite for marine products would make a significant dent not only in the fishing industry but in the retail, tourism and broader related sectors."Yesterday, I saw the news about Japan's release plan and bought quite a lot of seaweed and laver, as the items are my kids' favorites. After the actual release, I will not give fish and other seafood to my kids at least for the time being," Jeong Sun-hye, a mother of two in Seoul, said."We've often visited coastal towns along the East Sea to enjoy the sea and seafood, but I think we'd better not and we don't need to go there. I don't know what to do and what will be good for my family's health," she added.
Earlier, South Koreans consumers and retailers had stockpiled salt out of safety concerns and in fear of a supply shortage after the discharge.The Yoon Suk Yeol government has been treading a fine line regarding the Fukushima matter, as it seeks to improve diplomatic and economic relations with Japan while trying to alleviate mounting safety concerns among the people.After Japan's announcement of the detailed release plan, the Seoul government said Tuesday that it sees no scientific or technical problems with the plan, though it neither approves nor opposes the plan.But South Korea has launched an intensified inspection into the possible radiation in seafood and the marking of country of origin for imported seafood products.So far this year, the country has conducted radiation checks on 6,233 cases of seafood at the production level, and all of them met the safety standard, according to the oceans ministry.The government also earmarked 354 billion won (US$264.3 million) of budget this year to prop up the ailing fishing industry and to spur seafood consumption by distributing discount coupons and holding various events.It is pushing to raise the price ceiling for agricultural, fishing and livestock products to be used as gifts during major holiday seasons from the current 200,000 won to 300,000 won."One-off promotional events or short-term measures will never be helpful for the fishing industry to overcome the current difficulties. The government must devise longer-term, comprehensive measures," an official of a fishers' association said.Adding to woes is Tokyo's growing pressure on South Korea and other nations to lift the ban on imports of seafood from Fukushima regions.South Korea has banned all seafood imports from eight Japanese prefectures near Fukushima from 2013, and China, Hong Kong and several other nations either have taken or plan to impose such restrictions.Facing strong opposition from local fishermen, Kishida said Tuesday that Japan will strongly demand foreign nations lift such import bans at an early date."The Fukushima water discharge and the import ban on seafood caught from Fukushima regions are totally different issues," Park Ku-yeon, South Korea's first deputy chief of the Office for Government Policy Coordination, told a press briefing Tuesday."The government will not even review any import resumption," Park said, stressing that the government guarantees the safety of seafood in the country.In 2015, Japan officially lodged a complaint with the World Trade Organization (WTO) against South Korea's ban and additional testing requirements, and its dispute settlement body initially ruled in favor of Japan.But the WTO appellate body overturned the decision in 2019 by accepting concerns raised by the Seoul government about the safety of seafood from the contaminated regions, saying that the ban does not constitute an unfair trade restriction.




China sank a North Korean ship. BEIJING - A Chinese vessel crashed into a North Korean cargo ship loaded with coal last March at a port in Lianyungang in China’s eastern Jiangsu Province, leading to a marathon debate over compensation that has yet to end, a Chinese government official exclusively told the JoongAng Ilbo Monday.Nobody was injured, according to the source, who asked for anonymity. The North Korean sailors were staying in a hotel at the time of the accident.The ship was anchored at a port in Lianyungang after Chinese authorities rejected North Korea’s port call, citing a UN Security Council resolution that banned Beijing from importing coal from the regime until the end of this year.Beijing asked the North Korean ship to return to its country, but the sailors refused and decided to stay at the port instead.The North Korean ship immediately sank after its hull was pierced by a vessel operated by a Chinese state-run company. The government official said the collision was an accident. It occurred around midnight and the Chinese captain couldn’t see in the dark, the official explained.The North Korean ship is still underwater.After the crash, the North Korean government dispatched an official from Pyongyang to negotiate compensation with Chinese authorities, but the two sides haven’t reached agreement despite “multiple” rounds of discussions, said the Chinese government source.The North is said to have asked for about 5.6 billion won ($4.9 million) in compensation for the ship and the load of coal, which China apparently rejected.Lianyungang is a major Chinese port for North Korean coal imports. Last year, a combined 840,000 tons of coal were imported from around the world in over 181 transactions, most of which came from the North, government statistics show.But the Chinese Commerce Ministry announced in February that all North Korean coal imports will be banned this year as part of UN Security Council sanctions.




Three missing in collision of two S. Korean fishing boats off northern Japan

Posted : July 26, 2018, 11:23 Updated : July 26, 2018, 16:10

SEOUL -- Three foreign sailors went missing Thursday in the collision of two South Korean fishing boats in international waters off Hokkaido, the northernmost of Japan's main islands.

The 289-ton 101 Geumyang-ho sank with 38 crewmen aboard, including seven from South Korea, 18 from Indonesia, seven from Vietnam and six from the Philippines, after it collided with the 411-ton 803 Tongyeong-ho, according to coastguard authorities.

South Korean ships rescued 35 people but three other foreigners remained unaccounted for. The sunken ship has been fishing for mackerels in the North Pacific ocean.

A Japanese patrol ship and South Korean fishing vessels were involved in a rescue operation. The identities of those missing were not disclosed.




The Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries has unintentionally drawn huge public attention throughout this year as it was tasked with promoting the safety of domestic seafood after Japan began to release treated radioactive wastewater into the ocean in August from the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.With a promise to continue pan-governmental efforts next year to dispel worries among consumers, Minister of Oceans and Fisheries Cho Seung-hwan told The Korea Times in a recent interview that one of the ministry’s biggest achievements so far was the successful prevention of a decrease in seafood consumption.However, the treated wastewater from Fukushima was not the ministry’s only concern this year.Amid a worsening shortage of young Korean workers in various sectors, the ministry has also gone all out to solve the problem of crew shortages in the domestic shipping and fishing industries.“Immediately after I took office in May last year, our ministry prioritized taking countermeasures against a shortage of sailors,” said Cho, who is supposed to hand over his position to a successor before the end of the year.Just like employers in other industries, shipowners in Korea have increased their dependence on foreign workers to counter the labor shortage. The ministry’s data showed that the number of foreign sailors rose to 28,281 in 2022 from 17,558 in 2010 and 9,916 in 2007.Cho admitted the necessity of foreign sailors and fishermen, as well as measures to protect their basic human rights, but emphasized at the same time that the Korean shipping industry cannot rely entirely on migrant workers.“Given that ships transport 99.7 percent of Korea’s trading volume, it is important to nurture sailors of Korean nationality from the perspective of the economy and national security,” he said.From that standpoint, the government announced in July that it would improve the working conditions of Korean sailors by allowing more holidays and offering tax benefits.“For the first time in 15 years, the government enabled employers to allow sailors to work on ships for shorter periods of time and take longer paid holidays,” the minister said. “As a result of our ministry’s constant efforts to convince the finance ministry, sailors on ships going abroad will be able to enjoy larger tax benefits for the first time in 10 years.”For foreign sailors, he vowed continuous discussions with human rights activists, labor and management and other relevant institutions, saying that the government took various measures to protect their basic human rights, such as raising the minimum wage and banning employers from confiscating foreign workers' identification documents.Minister of Oceans and Fisheries Cho Seung-hwan, center, poses with Korea Shipowners' Association Chairman Chung Tae-soon, left, and Federation of Korean Seafarers’ Unions President Park Seong-yong, after signing an agreement to improve the working conditions of Korean sailors at the association's headquarters in Seoul in this Nov. 6 file photo. Yonhap Plans to rebuild Busan Although the 57-year-old will soon leave the ministry he has worked for since 2003, he stressed that efforts to stabilize seafood consumption and boost exports will be the top priorities in next year’s maritime policies, regardless of an ongoing Cabinet reshuffle.“Our ministry will push ahead with policies for all consumers to enjoy domestic seafood without safety concerns,” Cho said. “We will also build the world’s leading logistics and port infrastructure to increase trade-reliant Korea’s exports.”In particular, 12 large container ships will start operations next year for exports to the Americas and Europe. In addition, a terminal featuring Korea’s first fully automated logistics service will open in Busan New Port in March, as part of the government’s plan to establish smart mega-ports nationwide.The minister, who is expected to run for a National Assembly seat representing his birthplace of Busan, also said the redevelopment of Busan North Port will proceed as planned, despite the city’s failure to win the honor of hosting World Expo 2030.“The project’s first stage is intended to transform the old pier into a marine tourist attraction that includes an international gateway and waterfront spaces,” he said. “The second stage will be a project to revitalize the old downtown area by promoting international exchanges, financial services and R&D.”International cooperation Under Cho's leadership, the ministry enabled Korea to join the International Maritime Organization’s (IMO) top council for the 12th consecutive time in November and contributed to the organization’s adoption of a revised strategy to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from international shipping in July.“The IMO’s main concern at this moment is a paradigm shift caused by decarbonization and digitalization, so our ministry will try to lead international discussions on major topics and make the organization accept our requests when revising its conventions,” the minister said.In contrast to concerns over Korea’s diplomatic relations with China, he said that maritime cooperation between the two countries showed progress.“After China lifted restrictions on group tours in August, cruise ships from China made over 40 entries to Korean ports and the number is expected to exceed 150 next year,” said Cho, who attended the Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation in Beijing in October. “We have also reinforced our support for the export of seafood for the Chinese market by establishing cold chain infrastructure in the country’s inland areas and developing new products that suit the tastes of Chinese consumers.”








Incheon Coast Guard issues safety accident risk forecast ‘warning’. Check the tide level and set an alarm on your phone, wear a life jacket, and do not enter the sea if the weather is bad...-Break News Incheon Reporter Park Sang-do. Incheon Marine Police Station announced that it had issued a safety accident risk forecast ‘advisory’ from the 11th to the 16th.According to the Incheon Coast Guard, during this period, as the sea level is higher than usual during the contrast period, the possibility of accidents increases, so special caution is needed when engaging in mudflat activities.Incheon Coast Guard is strengthening land and sea patrols according to tidal times and maintaining emergency response readiness to prepare for coastal accidents such as tidal flat isolation.An Incheon Coast Guard official urged, “You must refrain from entering restricted areas and safety-vulnerable areas and follow marine safety rules such as wearing life jackets and checking the tide level.”Meanwhile, by downloading and using apps such as ‘Sea Navi’, ‘Harrod’, and ‘Safe Sea’, you can obtain various marine safety information such as tide tables.




NETHERLANDS ACCIDENT SHIPS COLLISION

Cargo ship Julietta D. arrives in the Benelux port

A bystander watches as the rudderless freighter Julietta D is docked at ADM in the Benelux port, in Rotterdam, Netherlands, 01 February 2022. A ship was left drifting rudderless in a wind turbine park off the Dutch North Sea coast after colliding with another ship during the powerful storm Corrie. All 18 crew members were rescued, according to a statement by the Dutch Coast Guard.




Develops Advanced and Eco-friendly LPG CarriersA medium-sized LPG carrier built by Hyundai Mipo DockyardHyundai Mipo Dockyard, the world’s largest medium-sized ship builder, is leading the global gas carrier market by signing a series of contracts for advanced and eco-friendly LPG carriers.The latest contract was signed in Europe for two LPG carriers with a capacity of 40,000 cubic meters each. A total of 22 medium-sized LPG carriers have been ordered worldwide since 2019 and Hyundai Mipo Dockyard is supposed to deliver all but one. The company entered the LPG carrier market in 2006. Since then, it has delivered 64 LPG carriers in total while developing 38,000 cubic meter LPG carriers and turning them into a global standard. Last year, it developed whole new LPG carriers improved in safety, fuel economy and cargo capacity based on hull structure optimization.Since May last year, the company has signed 20 letters of intent and contracts for 40,000 cubic meter LPG carriers. A ship of this new type, also called LPG-SAFE, has a double side hull structure for a higher level of collision safety.In addition, Hyundai Mipo Dockyard’s ships come with a dual-fuel engine so that LPG can be transported and used as a fuel at the same time, fuel efficiency can be improved, and harmful gas emissions can be reduced substantially. Also, its ships are ammonia-ready, which means they are capable of running on the emerging eco-friendly fuel through some remodeling.Jung Min-heecontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




As the number of returning visitors to islands is expected to increase during the Chuseok holiday, the Incheon Maritime Police Station will strengthen the safety inspection of multi-use ships and conduct special crackdowns on drunk driving to prevent marine accidents and create a safe maritime culture.This multi-use vessel safety inspection is conducted from the 29th to the 8th of September, and joint inspections with related organizations such as the Korea Maritime Transportation Safety Authority (KOMSA), local governments, and the National Safety Inspection Group are conducted for guided, piloted and fishing boats in the jurisdiction. , and from September 9 to 12, the Chuseok holiday, will intensively crack down on drunk driving.The number of drunk driving detections this year was 0 from January to April, but 4 cases were discovered after social distancing was eased, raising the need for special crackdown.In particular, this year is the first holiday since social distancing was eased.An official from Incheon Coast Guard said, "In order to prevent marine accidents during the Chuseok holiday, we urge operators and passengers to pay attention to safety.




Expediting Penetration of Global Mobile Security MarketSamsung SDS announced on March 24 that it has won a defense mobile security project from Italy.Since 2015, Samsung SDS has been carrying out mobile security projects for the U.S. Department of Defense, the U.S. Army, the U.S. Navy, the U.S. Air Force, the U.S. Marine Corps, defense organizations in the United Kingdom and public agencies in Singapore.The company will provide Italian government agencies with a secure mobile work environment with its mobile integrated security solution Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM).This solution provides mobile security functions required for defense and public organizations. The mobile security functions include the management and remote control of terminals according to security policies by user levels, blocking unsafe access to networks and preventing the installation of non-business applications.In particular, the EMM solution acquired the latest information security Common Criteria (CC) certificate for the Android and iOS operating systems from the National Information Assurance Partnership (NIAP) of the National Security Agency (NSA) in February.In the meantime, Samsung SDS has recently received an order for indoor location tracking solutions from Singapore by integrating the latest technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI) and blockchains into its highly secure Brightics Internet of Things (IoT) platform. The indoor location tracking solution is a system that prevents security accidents such as information leakage by identifying a visitor's location in a building in real time and restricting access to security areas.Kim Eun-jincontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




N.K. denounces Seoul over ship collision

 North Korea Sunday accused the South Korean government of politically exploiting the recent collision of South and North Korean ships. "The South Korean authority should stop its attempt to exploit the marine accident politically," Radio Pyongyang quoted a spokesman at the so-called Myohyang Shipping Co. (MSC) in the North as saying in a statement. MSC owns the North Korean freighter which sank after colliding with a Hyundai container ship from South Korea in the Indian Ocean last Wednesday. The accusation is Pyongyang's first reaction to the crash, the first of its kind between South and North Korea since the division of Korea in 1945.The accident left 37 North Korean crew aboard the 7,000-ton "Manpok-ho" missing. The two remaining North Korean seamen were rescued by crew members of the 52,000-ton "Hyundai Duke," and handed over to North Korean diplomats in Sri Lanka. "But three South Koreans, including two diplomats, blocked our shipping officials from getting on board the Hyundai container ship to find out the cause of the accident and taking back the rescued crewmen," the MSC spokesman claimed. The North stressed that the two Koreas should settle the vessel collision accident "smoothly" without intervention by governments or a third party. "For the accident took place between civic vessels, it is most reasonable for those directly concerned to settle the problem on the basis of brotherly love and humanitarianism," the MSC spokesman said. The North, which claimed the South Korean media portrayed the accident as solely the fault of the North Korean vessel, blamed the Hyundai ship for the crash. "The fact that the Hyundai Duke was slightly damaged while our Manpok-ho sank immediately shows the collision was the South Korean ship's fault," the North said.




The Jungbu Regional Maritime Police Agency (Chief Kim Byung-ro) announced that it would conduct a special crackdown on acts that threaten water leisure safety in order to prevent marine accidents during the summer vacation season.Accordingly, the Jungbu Regional Maritime Police Agency will conduct a special crackdown on water leisure activities and water leisure businesses in the waters within the jurisdiction from July 11 to August 28 after going through a publicity guidance period from June to July.In this special crackdown, strong crackdowns will be implemented against the three chronic safety ignoring acts, such as unlicensed driving, driving while driving, and non-use of safety equipment.In addition, crackdowns on non-compliance with water leisure activities, non-registration of water leisure equipment, and failure to undergo safety inspections are also enforced.According to the Jungbu Regional Maritime Police Agency, out of 440 major crackdowns on water and leisure safety law violations from 2019 to 2021, 94 cases were for non-wearing of safety equipment, 78 cases for unlicensed operation, 71 cases for violation of active hours, and 21 cases for drunk driving.An official from the Jungbu Regional Maritime Police Agency said, "We are conducting a special crackdown to prevent water leisure safety accidents during the summer vacation season."






Korean Government Aims to Cut Maritime Accidents by 30% by Introducing Marine Navigation Services. The World's First Marine Navigation Services:The Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries (MOF) announced the Smart Maritime Transportation Strategy at the 12th Science And Technology-related Ministers' Meeting on Aug. 6.The ministry plans to develop a smart marine navigation system to launch the world’s first marine navigation services beginning 2021.Currently, ships are operated with analog technologies such as radar and voice communication, but these analog technologies have limitations in preventing accidents.The government has developed a marine navigation system through the Korean-style E-navigation Development Project, which was launched in 2016, and has been conducting pilot operations of the system since the beginning of 2020.Marine navigation services will provide automatic collision and grounding alerts, remote monitoring of fire and capsizing risks, optimal route guidance, electronic hydrographical charts, ship entry and departure information, and marine safety and weather information in real time. The ministry explained that marine navigation services are expected to reduce maritime accidents 30 percent.In addition, the ministry will promote international standardization of the smart marine transportation system. It plans to secure marine digital source technologies and establish an international marine digital governance system centered around Korea.Marine experts say that a new 30-trillion-won market will be created when the shipping, shipbuilding and logistics markets use digital systems under the policy of maritime digitalization. The ministry plans to operate a testing site for new technologies with major countries in Korean waters and lead international cooperation by signing business agreements with those countries.




It is counted that various types of marine accidents are increasing due to the increase in fishing boat operation, so it is necessary to strengthen the safety awareness of captains and ship workers.According to the Gunsan Maritime Police Station in Jeollabuk-do on the 8th, marine accidents on fishing boats have been steadily increasing over the past three years, with 9 cases in 2018 21 cases in 2019 22 cases in 2020.By accident type, engine damage was the most common with 25 cases, followed by floating objects in 13 cases, key damage and collisions in 4 cases, and flooding in 3 cases.In particular, accidents caused by negligence such as poor maintenance and negligence accounted for about 70% of all accidents.In addition, as red sea bream fishing is popular in the waters near Yeondo, Okdo-myeon, as the water temperature rises, complaints related to illegal business in which fishing boats shipped from South Chungcheong Province sailed south to Jeollabuk-do waters in violation of business areas are also increasing.From 2018 to now, 12 cases of complaints regarding violations of business areas received by the Coast Guard were counted (4 cases in 2018, 3 cases in 2019, 3 cases in 2020, 2 cases in 2021), etc. In order to eradicate the fishing industry, it was found that a three-dimensional crackdown by sea, land, and air using aircraft and patrol boats was urgently needed.An official from the Maritime Safety Division of the Gunsan Coast Guard said, "The risk of safety accidents is also increasing as the evidence of fishing boats appears, which is tightening the string of tension." We will take more care of the safety of fishing boats at sea by protecting lives and property,” he said. On the other hand, the Gunsan Coast Guard and the Jeollabuk-do / Gunsan City / Gunsan Fishing Association at the Nonung Police Box at 2 pm on the 8th Safety risk factor analysis Passenger safety management and accident response plan Support and cooperation with related organizations to prevent accidents Fishing in violation of business area The 'Measurement Meeting for the Prevention of Marine Accidents on Fishing Boats' is scheduled to be held with the aim of preparing countermeasures for illegal fishing boat sales.








 






BELGIUM NETHERLAND CARGO SHIP COLLISION

A View of the cargo ship Corvus J. on it's way to Antwerp off the Belgium coast on 06 December 2012. Reports state that during the night of 05 - 06 December 2012 cargo ship Corvus J. was in collision with Baltic Ace in darkness near busy shipping lanes some 65 kilometers (40 miles) off the coast of the southern Netherlands. The cause of the collision is not known. The Baltic Ace, carrying a cargo of cars, sank quickly with four sailors reported dead and another seven are missing.




U.S. and Russia trade blame over warships' near collision
Written : 2019-06-08 12:53:04 KST
Updated : 2023-03-30 15:17:23 KST

Meanwhile, Russia and the U.S. are blaming each other for a near collision of their warships.
The U.S. Navy says it happened in the Philippine Sea; other reports say it was in the South China Sea.
  The U.S. says the Russian destroyer Admiral Vinogradov   made an unsafe maneuver,  coming within 30 meters the USS Chancellorsville  , which the U.S. says was moving in a straight line.
Russia's Pacific Fleet, however, says the opposite is true -- that the Chancellorsville came within 50 meters of its destroyer, forcing it to perform an emergency maneuver to avoid collision.




On the 16th, National Power National Assembly member Kim Byung-wook (Pohangnam, Ulleung) representatively proposed the 'Ocean Survey and Utilization of Marine Information Act', which requires that those who engage in dangerous activities at sea, such as maritime shooting training, notify the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries without delay. said.According to Rep. Kim, five shells fired from a naval vessel in June fell near a passenger ship sailing near Ulleungdo, which almost caused a major disaster, and a loophole was discovered in the process of disseminating training information.The current law stipulates that any person who intends to change marine information according to the annual implementation plan must notify the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries. However, it was pointed out that the problem was that there was no obligation to notify warnings necessary for navigation (shooting training, etc.) and matters related to traffic safety of ships.In order to prevent such problems, the amendment imposes an obligation to notify the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries of relevant information without delay in the case of an act that poses a serious risk to maritime traffic safety, such as maritime shooting drills.If the bill is passed, it will be possible to link it with the 'Maritime Safety Act' (initiated by CEO Kim Byeong-wook), which stipulates that 'the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries must notify shipowners and captains of ships during maritime shooting drills' proposed earlier. It is expected to contribute to the construction.Rep. Kim Byeong-wook said, "We wanted to establish a radio wave system that would provide the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries for those who engage in dangerous activities such as shooting training by supplementing the 'Maritime Safety Act' proposed last time, and the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries transmits the information to ships." We hope that by resolving the zone, maritime safety accidents can be prevented and people can safely go to and from the sea.”





 






Iran Wants Korea to Lift Freeze on Its FundsCCTV image of Hankuk Chemi and IRGC speedboatThe Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) seized the Hankuk Chemi, a South Korean tanker, and this is said to be because of Iranian funds frozen in South Korea.“We are discussing measures related to payment of the funds to the COVAX Facility,” the South Korean government said on Jan. 5. The money, US$7 billion, is crude oil export proceeds and is currently at two South Korean banks after the United States strengthened its sanctions on Iran in 2018. The Iranian government has called for the South Korean government to lift the freeze.According to the South Korean government, the payment to the COVAX Facility is humanitarian and does not violate the sanctions. The Iran-Korea Chamber of Commerce proposed it to Iranian Vice President Eshaq Jahangiri on Jan. 2.The seizure occurred on Jan. 4 and the IRGC mentioned marine pollution as a cause. According to experts, however, this is to force Washington to return to the nuclear negotiating table and lift its sanctions. The South Korean government explained that its review related to the funds is irrelevant to and started before the seizure. Likewise, the Iranian government said that it is a purely technical measure following a court order for marine pollution investigations.Jung Suk-yeecontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Captain of Russian cargo ship that crashed into Busan's Gwangan Bridge taken into custody. The captain of the Russian cargo ship that smashed into the  Gwangan Bridge in Busan last Thursday has been taken into custody. The Coast Guard said the Busan District Court issued an arrest warrant,  fearing that he might flee. While he's accused of drunk sailing charges,  the captain insisted he drank after the crash and does not know why the collision occurred. The accident caused damage to the lower part of the bi-level bridge,  which will take a month to repair.  




The Incheon Maritime Police Station (Chief Sang-chun Park) is conducting a pilot operation of the situation management center of the private marine rescue team to enhance the rescue response in the event of a marine accident.According to the Incheon Coast Guard, a situation management center for a private marine rescue team was installed at the Wolgot branch in Incheon and through a pilot operation, it was equipped with the ability to respond more quickly in the event of a marine accident by activating the private forces and establishing a marine safety management network.In the past, when a maritime accident occurred, the police box in the jurisdiction had to contact each individual rescue group to provide a request for mobilization and the situation.The pilot operation of the Situation Management Center of the Private Maritime Rescue Team will be conducted for 8 months from May 2 to December 31, and its main tasks are to spread the situation to the private forces surrounding the accident and mobilize available resources, establish a permanent management system centered on the private sector, It carries out the overall duties of the private maritime rescue team. An official from the Incheon Coast Guard said, “Private forces such as fishermen and water leisure workers are essential elements to complement the government response limitations in the vast sea. told Meanwhile, the situation management center will be operated by two people a day in the morning and in the afternoon, and after this pilot operation, it will be expanded and operated nationwide based on the analysis results.






Pohang Marine Police Station (Chief Seong Dae-hoon) announced on the 19th that it conducted an unidentified ship infiltration training to establish a coastal alert posture at the end of the year.This training was conducted as a joint exercise by relevant agencies, with the participation of the National Intelligence Service, the 1st Marine Division, and the ROK Armed Forces Counterintelligence Unit, assuming a situation where an unidentified ship was approaching land in the sea near Guryongpo.There is a recent case where the Coast Guard and the military cooperated to quickly block security threats in the event of Chinese illegal immigration into Boryeong or North Korean defection to Sokcho. Since this is a situation that could occur in Pohang, we worked with related organizations to increase response capabilities.Chief Seong Dae-hoon said, “Through this joint training, we inspected the maritime security and safety status in the Pohang area, where national important facilities are scattered,” and added, “We will continue to maintain a thorough coastal alert posture through thorough cooperation with each agency.”Meanwhile, the Pohang Coast Guard rescued a submerged ship in cooperation with a private marine rescue ship that day.Yeongil Bay Police Station, which received a report that the engine room of fishing boat A (9-ton class, 3 people) was flooded in the sea about 4km east of Chilpo at around 10:16 a.m., immediately dispatched a coastal rescue boat and rescued private marine rescue vessel B operating nearby. 24 tons, 4 people) were also requested to cooperate.When the Yeongilman Police Station coastal rescue boat arrived, Captain C (male, 60s) of Ship A said, “I don’t know when the engine will turn off because the engine room is full of water. “She asked for a courtesy call.”She attached the rope and started towing. However, she was unable to withstand the weight of the 9-ton fishing boat and the line broke. Fortunately, private marine rescue vessel B arrived at the scene immediately and towed A while moored to the left of B's hull and entered Yonghan Port.After entering the port, drainage work was carried out using a total of three units, including the Yeongil Bay Police Station and the private marine rescue ship B, as well as the pumps owned by the 108 boats that arrived later. The water gradually decreased and A regained her stability.Mr. C, the captain of Ship A, said, “After the drainage was completed, I looked into the engine room and it seemed like the coolant pipes were damaged and seawater came in.”











[Joseph S. Nye Jr.] A shift in perceptions of power. Last year, when China broke off military-to-military talks after the Obama administration’s long-expected sale of defensive arms to Taiwan, a high American official asked his Chinese counterpart why China reacted so strongly to something it had accepted in the past. The answer: “Because we were weak then and now we are strong.”On a recent visit to Beijing, I asked a Chinese expert what was behind the new assertiveness in China’s foreign policy. His answer: “After the financial crisis, many Chinese believe we are rising and the U.S. is declining.”These Chinese are not alone. A recent poll shows there are more Americans who believe China will be the dominant power in 20 years than believe the United States will retain that position. Some analysts go further and argue that China’s rise will result in a clash similar to that between a rising Germany and a hegemonic Britain that led to World War I a century ago.One should be skeptical about such dire projections. China still has a long way to go to catch up in military, economic and soft-power resources. In contrast, by 1900, Germany had surpassed Britain. Even if Chinese gross domestic product passes that of the United States at some point in the 2020s, the two economies would not be equal. China would still have a vast underdeveloped countryside, and it would almost certainly have begun to face demographic problems and slowing economic growth. As some Chinese say, they fear they will grow old before growing rich. China is a long way from posing the kind of challenge to America that the Kaiser’s Germany posed when it passed Britain.But many Chinese do not see the world this way. They believe that the recession of 2008 represented a shift in the balance of world power, and that China should be less deferential to a declining United States. This overconfident power assessment has contributed to a more assertive Chinese foreign policy in the last two years. The shift in perceptions seems to have emboldened the Chinese government, even though the judgment is wrong.For years, China followed the advice of Deng Xiaoping to keep a low profile. However, with its successful economic recovery from the recession and 10 percent growth rate, China passed Japan as the world’s second-largest economy last year, and many in China pressed for a stronger foreign policy. Some blame this on President Hu Jintao, but that view is too simple. The top leaders still want to follow Deng’s strategy of not rocking the boat, but they feel pressured from below by rising nationalism, both in the bureaucracy and the blogosphere.China’s new assertiveness affected its relations with others besides the United States. Its policies in the South China Sea created fear among countries in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, and its overreaction to Japan’s actions after a ship collision near the disputed Senkaku islands led Tokyo to reaffirm its alliance with Washington. Beijing alienated South Korea by failing to criticize North Korea’s shelling of a South Korean island, irritated India over border and passport issues, and embarrassed itself in Europe and elsewhere by overreacting to the Nobel Peace Prize granted to jailed dissident Liu Xiaobo.How will these issues play out in the coming year? It is likely that China’s leaders will draw back somewhat from the overly assertive posture that has proved so costly. Hu’s stated desire to cooperate on terrorism, nonproliferation and clean energy should help reduce tensions, but powerful domestic interest groups in export industries and the People’s Liberation Army want to limit economic and military cooperation. And most important, given the increasing nationalism of the Chinese people that one sees on display in the blogosphere, it will be difficult for top Chinese leaders to change their policies dramatically. Hu’s state visit to Washington in January helped improve matters, but the relationship will remain difficult as long as many Chinese suffer from hubris based on nationalism and a mistaken belief in American decline.Given that China and the United States face global challenges such as financial stability, cyber security and climate change, the two countries have much to gain from working together. Unfortunately, faulty power assessments have created hubris among some Chinese, and unnecessary fear of decline among some Americans, and these shifts in perception make cooperation difficult. Any American compromise is read in Beijing as confirmation of American weakness. But with more realistic projections and policies, China and America need not repeat the disastrous experience of Germany and Britain a century ago.




SEOUL -- South Korea's Hyundai auto group forged a partnership with domestic eco-friendly shipbuilder Vinssen to develop next-generation small-sized green ships. The green vessels can help reduce greenhouse gases emitted by fishing boats.Data released by South Korea's ocean ministry in 2020 showed that 37,271 vessels out of 65,744 fishing boats were used for inshore fishing with many of them relying on combustion engines. To reduce greenhouse gas emissions from vessels by 30 percent by 2025, the International Maritime Organization (IMO), a U.N. maritime safety agency, has adopted compulsory energy-efficiency measures. South Korean shipbuilders were prompted by the regulation to develop green technologies for ships.In December 2021, Vinssen demonstrated the first domestic hydrogen-electric boat that can operate for about 6 hours at 18.5 kilometers (11.5 miles) per hour only with a 40-minute charge of a fuel cell module weighing about 18 pounds. It takes about eight hours to be fully charged. In January 2022, the company teamed up with the Singaporean office of Bureau Veritas Marine, an agency specializing in inspecting marine safety, to establish hydrogen fuel cell infrastructure in the island country of Singapore.  Vinssen said in a statement on March 25 that the company signed an agreement with Hyundai Motor to develop next-generation small green ships. Vinssen will build smart ships based on Hyundai's designs.In 2020, Hyundai Motor unveiled its scheme to become the mobility service company, disclosing its first electric air vehicle concept called S-A1 at a trade fair in Las Vegas. The automaker is currently involved in a public-private consultative body called "Urban Air Mobility Team Korea" that aims to commercialize manned drone taxis in 2025. Air vehicles are emerging as a future mobility system to reduce traffic jams on urban roads. Remote-controlled vehicles will be adopted in 2030 and a fully autonomous service in 2035.





Next-gen Eco-friendlyHD Hyundai Heavy Industries' methanol-powered shipSouth Korean shipbuilders are accelerating the development of next-generation eco-friendly vessels driven by methanol and ammonia, moving beyond the conventional liquefied natural gas (LNG) ships. Amid the tightening maritime environmental regulations by the International Maritime Organization (IMO), the race to develop vessels to increase market share in the next-generation fuel ship market is in full swing.According to industry sources on the 15th, Samsung Heavy Industries recently received manufacturing approval for demonstration equipment for commercialization of ammonia-driven ships and started construction at its Geoje shipyard. Samsung Heavy Industries will evaluate the performance, reliability, and safety of the technology for ammonia-driven ships here. The demonstration equipment will be completed by the end of this year, and scenario-based testing will begin after test driving. They will also apply a real-time leak detection and alarm system and a toxin neutralizer on a pilot basis to develop optimal solutions for the toxicity issues of ammonia.Ammonia, which does not contain carbon in its molecular structure, does not emit carbon dioxide when combusted, and thus is considered a carbon-neutral fuel to be used in zero-carbon vessels along with hydrogen. There are no real-life applications on ships yet, but all three major domestic shipbuilders are preparing to commercialize ammonia-driven ships around 2025.HD Hyundai Heavy Industries leads in the field of methanol-powered ships. HD Hyundai Heavy Industries is set to deliver the world's first methanol-powered ship, ordered from MAERSK in 2021, within this month. As of March, it received orders for 54 out of 101 methanol-powered ships ordered worldwide, holding more than half of the market share.Methanol can reduce sulfur oxides by 99%, nitrogen oxides by 80%, and carbon dioxide by 10% compared to conventional heavy oil. It emits less carbon than LNG, which is considered a typical eco-friendly fuel. Especially, 'green methanol' produced from renewable energy quickly dissolves and biodegrades in water when discharged into the sea, causing no marine pollution.The reason for domestic shipbuilders to focus on the technology of ammonia and methanol-driven ships is the strengthening of ship environmental regulations. The IMO plans to hold a Marine Environment Protection Committee (MEPC) meeting next month and discuss amendments to raise the international shipping greenhouse gas reduction target. If this amendment passes, the target to reduce greenhouse gases by 50% compared to 2008 by 2050 is expected to be adjusted to 100%.Jasmine Choipr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




N Korea-Japan ship collision

N. Korea slams Japan for 'sinking' its fishing vessel in East Sea

SEOUL, Oct. 12 (Yonhap) -- North Korea's foreign ministry on Saturday accused Japan of committing a "gangster" act of sinking its fishing ship "normally" operating in the East Sea earlier this week.

The ship collided with a Japanese Fisheries Agency patrol ship at around 9 a.m. Monday in Daehwatoe, located about halfway between North Korea's east coast and Japan's lower west coast. It then sank, but all of the crew, totaling around 60, were rescued.

Japanese officials announced that the collision was caused by a sharp turn by the North Korean boat, which was checked by the agency's ship while illegally fishing in Japan's exclusive economic zone.

Pyongyang, however, described it as a "gangster act of sinking our fishing vessel which was on a normal navigation in the waters of East Sea of Korea."

Speaking to the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA), an unnamed foreign ministry spokesperson said the safety of the country's crew members faced a "serious threat" at that time.

"Japan is impatiently trying to justify its deliberate act, and it even acts like a guilty party filing the suit first," the spokesperson said. "We strongly demand that the Japanese government compensate for the infliction of the material damage by sinking our vessel and that it work out steps to prevent a recurrence of such incident."

If such an incident occurs again, Japan will face an "undesirable consequence," the official added, according to KCNA.




Five reasons to look forward to Suncheon City’s actions in 2024 Gapjin Year (甲辰年)
The power of the three unions shown at the 2023 Suncheon Bay International Garden Expo... Completion of 'K-Disney Suncheon' heading to the future with AI... Future Suncheon economy prepared in advance by nurturing knowledge-intensive future industries... The quality of Suncheon Bay Expand to the city center, restore the urban ecological axis, and create a luxury residential environment suitable for the era of $40,000 income. Reporter Kim Doo-hwan. 2023 was truly the year of Suncheon. The 2023 Suncheon Bay International Garden Expo (hereinafter referred to as the 2023 Garden Expo), which took place over the entire city as a stage and lasted for seven months, was a huge success, with one in five citizens attending, and ended successfully with a record-breaking profit of 33.3 billion won. That's not all. As a result of preparing for urban change based on the unrivaled values of ecology and gardens from early on, it was even evaluated as setting a new milestone for Korea despite the threat of regional extinction and the climate crisis. According to Suncheon City on the 2nd, Suncheon, which is writing a new history of local autonomy, will be creating a completely different 'K-Disney' in 2024 by dressing up the excellent analog elements represented by 'ecology and gardens' with a new clothing called 'AI and culture'. , Suncheon’ is presented. The power of the three unions shown at the 2023 Suncheon Bay International Garden Expo! Suncheon Mayor Noh Gwan-gyu emphasized that the power of the three was the foundation of Suncheon's diverse achievements. The power of the three, demonstrated by a leader who predicts the future and suggests a suitable direction, public officials who offer wisdom, and dignified citizens, turned various imaginations that everyone said were impossible into reality.Not only did it lead to a decision to bypass the Gyeongjeon Line, which could have passed through the center of the city and hindered urban growth, but also threatened the safety of citizens, it also successfully completed the 2023 Garden Expo, showing mature civic consciousness. Suncheon's achievements have been recognized through external evaluations such as the Local Autonomy CEO of the Year Award and the Special Award for Best Practices for Balanced Development Projects awarded by the Local Era Committee, and have been selected for various public contest projects such as the Korea Cultural City target site and the base industrial complex competitiveness strengthening project. The effect was clearly visible. ‘K-Disney Suncheon’, heading to the future with AI, completed!If 2023 was the year of the Garden Expo, 2024 is expected to be the time to prepare for ‘K-Disney.’ The goal is to develop a new cultural content industry centered on animation in Suncheon, just like Walt Disney, which plays an important role in the American economy through animation. Last November, Suncheon Mayor Noh Gwan-gyu, other related officials, and the Suncheon City Council took the time to see the current state of the animation industry with their own eyes through a field trip to advanced cities in the United States. We directly confirmed the potential of related industries such as Pixar Studio, which provides jobs for over 1,300 people in a creative corporate environment, UCLA (University of California, Los Angeles), which nurtures creative talent, and Disneyland, which has captured the eyes and ears of people around the world. The city believes that Suncheon's excellent analog elements, including Suncheon Bay and its gardens, can create an environment that can maximize human creativity, and plans to directly perform the same role as the Walt Disney headquarters. By attracting animation-related anchor companies, we are transforming the entire Suncheon area into a base for the cultural content industry, while pursuing designation as a special opportunity development zone with a strategy differentiated from other local governments. In addition, we support the training of relevant talent through collaboration with local universities and further strengthen industry-government-academia cooperation to create Suncheon where young people return. The garden is also being renewed. By adding perfection to the analog garden and incorporating cutting-edge digital technology, it is transformed into a garden that three generations can enjoy together, fun for the young and comfortable for the elderly. Future Suncheon economy prepared by fostering knowledge-intensive future industries. The success of the 2023 Garden Expo not only proved the significantly changed competitiveness of the region, but also led to corporate investment and selection of various public contest projects, contributing to the expansion of the regional economy. The ‘Jeonnam-style Balanced Development 300 Project’ and the ‘Biological Transformation Bio-Specialized Knowledge Industry Center’ are large-scale projects with a project cost of 62 billion won, opening a new horizon for the bio industry in Suncheon. The city plans to develop the Seungju-eup area into a bio industry hub base on the south coast connecting Hwasun and Gimhae through systematic fostering of the bio industry. Hanwha Aerospace is also speeding up the construction of the space launch vehicle forging stand. The space launch vehicle forging stand, which will begin construction in January, is scheduled for completion in 2025 and is expected to become a new future growth engine for Suncheon by establishing a sustainable space industry ecosystem in the future. Investments for the future also continue. In order to attract corporate investment and new industries, the construction of Haeryong Industrial Complex 2-2, an urban high-tech industrial complex, and a national industrial complex will be promoted without a hitch, while the local economy will be reorganized with a focus on high value-added future new industries through continuous corporate attraction activities. A green light has also been given to fostering local talent. Last year, Suncheon National University achieved the feat of being the only one in Jeollanam-do to be selected as one of the top 30 glocal universities, and the city, along with Suncheon National University, is recruiting practical talent focusing on the region's three major specialized fields: smart farm, animation, aerospace, and advanced materials. Actively growing. Expanding the quality of Suncheon Bay to the city center and restoring the urban ecological axis. We will also strengthen preparations for the climate crisis. In order to manage Dongcheon, which has been promoted to a national river, in a more systematic manner, it will be further developed through government funding, from the establishment of a basic river plan to maintenance such as sediment dredging. The quality of Suncheon Bay is also raised to the city center. By restoring damaged wetlands in the Dongcheon estuary, we will expand carbon absorption capacity and take the lead in preserving biodiversity. In addition, a marine garden will be created in the Yeojaman area, making the city the only city in Korea to have both an inland garden and a marine garden. We are also speeding up the maintenance of Okcheon and Isacheon, which connect all parts of the city like a thread. Okcheon and Isacheon, tributaries of Dongcheon, will be renovated to prepare for climate disasters such as sudden torrential rain, while Sindaecheon will be renovated to be reborn as a space for citizens as good as Cheonggyecheon. Creating a luxury residential environment suitable for the era of $40,000 income. The residential environment for citizens' lives is also expected to be significantly improved. The city is preparing to take a leap forward as a high-quality residential city suitable for the era of $40,000 income by discovering new life-friendly policies such as health, medical care, and welfare. Following the start of operation of Dalbit Children's Hospital for the first time in Jeollanam-do last year, this year it is a regionally complete public medical system that allows several hospitals in the area to function as one general hospital. By speeding up construction, citizen safety will be further strengthened. By fostering the horse industry, which combines horseback riding and rehabilitation, we will bring horseback riding, which was considered a high-class sport, into the lives of citizens so that everyone can enjoy high-quality leisure and sports life. In addition, by creating a mature companion culture, we are creating a dignified city where pet owners and non-pet owners coexist. We are also accelerating the completion of Daejabo City. City bus routes will be reorganized to be more rational, and a pleasant walking environment and urban walking paths will be created to create a walking environment for all citizens. In addition, we will create an environment where citizens can voluntarily participate in the realization of a large-scale city through bicycle road maintenance, etc. Lastly, we will also take the lead in changing the resource circulation paradigm. The integrated biogasification facility and the next-generation public resource facility, which were selected through a public contest last year, will be meticulously promoted to improve citizen awareness of resource circulation and utilize the generated energy as a resource for citizens. Suncheon Mayor Noh Gwan-gyu said, “While Suncheon’s excellent analog elements will be further improved, we will also carefully prepare for the coming future by utilizing cutting-edge technologies such as AI and digital.” He added, “We will address various pending issues in the region such as next-generation public resource facilities and green islands.” “I will also use principles to guide the direction and solve the problem wisely,” he said.




Jeonnam Yeosu Coast Guard said on the 8th that a fishing boat with nine crew members collided with a reef and sank, but all were rescued by civilian marine autonomous rescue teams operating nearby.The Yeosu Coast Guard said that a ship A (9.77 tons, 9 crew members) hit the reef and is flooded in the eastern sea of Chodo, Samsan-myeon, Yeosu around 13:11 pm, and the captain of the accident ship requested rescue from the coast.Upon receipt of the report, the Yeosu Coast Guard dispatched 2 guard ships, 3 coastal rescue boats, and Yeosu Coast Guard and other rescue forces to the site. Navigation safety broadcast was conducted.In the process of removing 7 passengers from the seashore after the captain and one staff embarked and departed from Narodo Chukjeong Port at around 12 o'clock on the 8th, the ship crashed into the reef and flooded. It was sunk.
Captain Jeong (56 years old, living in Dolsan), the first private autonomous rescue vessel that arrived at the site first (3.49 tons, coastal drift net, Dolsan shipping), the couple of Mo and Mrs. Rescue the power.The Yeosu Coast Guard is conducting safety management and marine pollution prevention activities in the sea near the location of the accidental vessel sinking, and is grasping the details of the accident for the captain.Meanwhile, Jeong Mo, who saved 9 precious lives in this accident, has been registered and active in the Yeosu Coast Guard since 2017 and has been active in the Yeosu Maritime Police Station. It is helping the coast guard in places where the police can't reach, helping to save lives in maritime accidents.






The Saenuri Party and government held a meeting to amend the governmental organization law Wednesday and agreed to disband the Korea Coast Guard (KCG) and National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) and integrate them into a national safety agency, which is set to be established. They came up with a revised plan of entrusting the initial investigation authority to the new national safety agency.Source: Yonhap News Earlier, the government had proposed a governmental organizational law that transfers the coast guard’s entire investigation authority to the Korean National Policy Agency (KNPA).“The public misguidedly believes the break-up means an outright removal of [functions of] the KCG, but this is not true,” said Yoon Young-suk, the Saenuri Party’s spokesman at the National Assembly. “The new national safety agency will have a marine safety headquarters and perform the duties of the coast guard such as rescue and surveillance, inspection of illegal fishing and prevention of environmental pollution.” The spokesman added “the government’s plan was to hand over all of the probe authority to the KNPA, but it was decided that [the new agency] retains the initial investigation authority.” A senior official at the Ministry of Security and Public Administration said “the decision came because it is impossible to respond to Chinese illegal fishing boats without the initial investigation authority.”The ruling party and government decided not to determine this time whether to promote fire fighters, who currently belong to local governments, to national public servants. However, they decided to increase next year’s budget for equipment support to 100 billion won ($95.0 million), about five times larger than the government’s initial budget plan.








Competition Spreading from Cars to ShipsHydrogen fuel cellsCompetition between Hyundai Motor and Toyota over hydrogen fuel cell technology is spreading from cars to small ships.Hyundai Motor formed a partnership with Vinssen, a Korean startup, in June to develop a vessel powered by hydrogen fuel cells. Toyota introduced a prototype in October by collaborating with France's Energy Observer Project Team and startup HYNOVA Yachts.An eco-friendly ship that combines hydrogen fuel cells with battery technology does not need charging unlike pure electric ships. It can sail at any time by changing its hydrogen tank only. It also has a relatively long mileage compared to electric ships. So far, however, neither company has secured technology that can be used for commercial purposes.Hyundai Motor and Vinssen will cooperate in developing a 14-meter-long eco-friendly ship by December 2021. The Korean carmaker will supply 95kW hydrogen fuel cells used for the Nexo. Vinssen will complete a power management system (PMS) by combining four hydrogen fuel cells with ABB's electric motor. The key is to optimize vehicle-use hydrogen fuel cells in the marine environment.The project was ordered by Yeongam County, South Jeolla Province. Vinssen plans to mass-produce the eco-friendly ship if it reaches the expected level in terms of performance. Vinssen expects the eco-friendly ship to replace small vessels powered by internal combustion engines.In October, Toyota conducted a navigation test of the 12-meter-long green ship "HYNOVA 40" developed with the Energy Observer Project Team and HYNOVA Yachts. In the test, Toyota succeeded in making the ship sail 7,000 nautical miles in the Atlantic Ocean. One 'REXH2' 90kW hydrogen fuel cell system was loaded on the prototype vessek. Toyota developed hydrogen fuel cells for the Mirai, a passenger hydrogen electric vehicle, to make them suit the marine environment. The prototype is not yet suitable for commercialization due to low output.Hyundai Motor and Toyota are pushing for the application of hydrogen fuel cells to small ships because of their great growth potential in the ship market. Countries around the world are tightening regulations on carbon emissions, including those from ships. When hydrogen emerges as a fuel for ships, demand for hydrogen fuel cells will surge, bringing huge sales to Hyundai Motor and Toyota.Michael Herhcontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Speculations vary on cause of ship sinking. Speculations have been rampant as to the cause of the sinking of a South Korean naval ship in waters near the disputed Yellow Sea border with North Korea on Friday night.South Korean officials remain cautious, saying the exact cause of the explosion that sunk the 1,200-ton vessel can only be determined after the sunken ship is salvaged. The salvage process may take at least 20 days, military officials say, noting that it took 17 days to salvage a 130-ton vessel struck in a surprise attack by North Korea in 2002.After visiting the disaster site Saturday, Defense Minister Kim Tae-young told reporters that the government is "yet to track down the exact cause behind the tragedy," adding that making predictions is "meaningless in this situation."The official explanation that has been made so far by the military is that an unidentified explosion punctured a hole in the rear lower deck of the vessel, shutting off the engine and taking the ship down in less than three hours.The slow work on finding the cause of the tragedy that left 46 of the ship`s 104 sailors still missing, however, has stirred a wide range of speculations as to what caused the vessel to sink.Experts speculate on largely three possible causes - an explosion within the ship due to internal defects or malfunctioning, accidental collision with a reef or other objects, or an attack from an outside force including the North Korean navy.The possibility of an internal cause - such as an explosion of parts near the rear hull of the vessel where the explosion ripped a hole - appears to be very low, according to an expert."Personally, I think the possibility of an internal defect or malfunctioning is very low," said Kim Tae-woo, vice president of the Korea Institute for Defense Analyses.
"I have never heard of any navy vessel explode by itself so far, although it is too early to make presumptions when the government is still looking into possible causes."
Should it be an internal explosion, former crewmembers of the Cheonan have reportedly raised the possibility of mishandling of depth charges or other explosives that are kept in the rear end of the vessel.The ship was carrying gunpowder and explosives, so a collision with an outside object could easily have caused an explosion.
But observers do not put much weight on the likelihood of a collision with a rock as the South Korean navy is largely familiar with the geographical features of the area where it often engages in training or patrol activities.That leaves the possibility of the ship hitting some other object including floating or submarine mines that may have drifted from up north or being attacked by an outside force, most likely to be North Korean torpedoes. A submarine mine sticks to the hull of a ship like a magnet when a vessel passes above it.Both South and North Korea placed floating or submarine mines near the Northern Limit Line, the de facto sea border.A survivor from the sunken ship on Saturday raised the possibility of the 1,200-ton vessel sinking due to an attack from an outside force."There is no possibility whatsoever that the ship sank due to an internal explosion or a collision with a reef. I guarantee that," a navy lieutenant was quoted as saying by participants in a briefing session organized by the Navy`s Second Fleet Command in Pyeongtaek, Gyeonggi Province - the home port of the ill-fated ship."Another cause could be an attack from an outside force and that is not exact as of yet. The military is currently conducting an investigation and I am not in a position to comment on that," he added.A close observation of the hole would reveal whether the explosion occurred internally or externally. Divers had difficulty approaching the sunken ship on Saturday and yesterday due to high waves and strong wind in the area.Some U.S. experts said Saturday sea mines might have caused the tragic sinking of the South Korean ship, dismissing concerns over possible North Korean involvement."I doubt that North Korea was involved in the incident," said John Feffer, co-director of the Foreign Policy in Focus program at the Institute for Policy Studies. "It didn`t seem to involve any artillery fire from the North."Feffer disagreed with the assumption that North Korea attacked the South Korean naval vessel, noting this incident is different from the previous clashes that involved fishing boats of the two Koreas crossing their sea border."There have been naval clashes between North and South in the past, but these have usually involved rising tensions, warnings, fishing boats crossing the NLL," he said. "But this was, as far as we know, a surprise. And there was no larger reason why the North might engage in such a surprise attack."North Korea has long defied the NLL, the de-facto sea border drawn by the U.S.-led United Nations Command after the 1950-1953 Korean War, demanding the line be redrawn further south.Bruce Klingner, senior research fellow at the Heritage Foundation, described the unexplained explosion as "an oddity in an era of sophisticated ships and communication," raising a sea mine as a possible cause."Although initial media reports suggested a North Korean torpedo as the cause, that interpretation now appears to be the result of overeager reporters," he said. "Seoul is now downplaying the likelihood of North Korean involvement in the explosion and sinking. A survivor of the sinking insists there was no onboard explosion, leading to speculation the cause was a naval mine, either South Korean or one that had drifted from the North."Klingner, however, would not dismiss the chance of North Korea`s involvement, pending the outcome of the ongoing investigations."Concerns over North Korean involvement remain, however, since the sinking occurred near the disputed maritime border which was the site of clashes in 1999, 2002 and 2009," he said."Pyongyang`s return to more belligerent rhetoric was cited as cause for concern by the U.S. Pacific Command on the day before the sinking."





Navy criticized for slow response to ship sinking. With 46 sailors still missing six days after the 1,200-ton Navy corvette split apart and sank under the West Sea, fingers are being pointed at the government and the Navy for not having been quick enough or truthful enough.The night the Cheonan went down, four high-speed naval boats arrived first, but it was Coast Guard patrol boats that saved 58 sailors who had jumped into the water."The (high-speed naval) boats are 150-ton or smaller so they can`t carry large lifeboats, but the 500-ton Coast Guard vessels had the lifeboats," Defense Minister Kim Tae-young told a parliamentary committee on defense on Saturday. Another navy corvette named Sokcho was nearby, but it was busy firing artillery at an "unidentified object," which the Joint Chiefs of Staff later said appeared to be a flock of birds. The Sokcho fired 76-millimeter shells for about five minutes toward the north immediately after the Cheonan sank, stoking speculation that it may not have been birds. It remains a mystery what the Cheonan and Sokcho were doing near the northernmost island of Baengnyeong as it is rare for two navy corvettes to move together. A corvette is usually accompanied by two high-speed boats. The Cheonan sank 1.8 kilometers southwest of Baengnyeong, but a corvette normally does not maneuver so close to the coast.Questions also remain unanswered over when exactly the explosion or a collision took place. The Defense Ministry unveiled a video clip that starts at 9:33 p.m., three minutes after the time of explosion announced by the ministry. The rear part of the Cheonan is already gone in the TOD video clip at 9:33 p.m. The ministry said this was because a coast guard began recording with a thermal observation device after he heard the explosion.But one of the missing sailors told his father on the phone at 9:16 p.m. that he had to hang up as there was an emergency situation, according to Rep. Lee Jong-gull of the Democratic Party.Another sailor was reportedly exchanging text messages with his girlfriend for about half an hour until 9:16 a.m. when he abruptly stopped replying. The girlfriend called but he didn`t answer the phone.A large 3,000-ton salvage ship named Gwangyang arrived at the scene 40 hours after the Cheonan sank.The Navy also failed to locate the stern of the vessel, where dozens of sailors are expected to be trapped inside of watertight compartments, for two days due to high waves.The stern was found Sunday night by a fishing boat just 180 meters from where the ship sank."How can you say the Navy dealt with the situation perfectly when the expensive Navy vessel failed to locate the rear part (of Cheonan) and a fishing boat found it instead?" Rep. Kim Moo-sung of the ruling Grand National Party said.The Defense Ministry was not immediately ready to confirm how many patrol boats were sent for the rescue efforts by Saturday. Larger vessels didn`t arrive until Sunday. The Dokdo, a 14,000-ton amphibious landing ship that had been operating in the waters off Pyeongtaek, two 1,200-ton corvettes, two minesweepers, three convoys and three more high-speed patrol boats were deployed near Baengnyeong island by Monday morning, according to the ministry. The Cheonan case could become a point of political contention until the June 2 local elections. Opposition parties are pressing for a parliamentary investigation, but the ruling Grand National Party is refusing, saying rescue efforts must come first. Opposition parties are expected to bombard the government with questions about the sunken ship at the emergency parliamentary interpellation session on Friday, the regular interpellation that starts next Wednesday and through related parliamentary committee activities throughout April. Depending on how the government explains the incident, the Cheonan case could have an impact on the June local elections. Should it have anything to do with North Korea, the emphasis on national security would make the political atmosphere more advantageous for the ruling party. If the cause involves the Navy`s negligence or misconduct, the opposition parties would likely gain an advantage. Both ruling and opposition parties, however, are delaying or minimizing election-related schedules as the sunken ship agenda has overshadowed the elections.




The prosecution handed over GS Caltex employees to the court for trial owing to the oil spill at Masan Port. The Changwon District Prosecutors' Office said it indicted three employees, including a head of the company's Changwon Logistics Center, without detention on charges of violating the Marine Environment Management Act and the Water Environment Conservation Act. GS Caltex Corporation was also brought to trial in accordance with the joint penal provision. They were accused of leaving the large amount of oil that leaked in the process of moving oil from the 5900-ton tanker S to the GS Caltex land storage tank, which was anchored at the Changwon Logistics Center in Changwon City on July 12, until it flowed into rivers and seas. On the day of the accident, it was reported that the staff had not carefully checked the oil storage tank for repair. A part of the ceiling of the GS Caltex storage tank, which exceeded the limit, was torn and oil  leaked through the cracks. The total amount of oil leaked was 295 tons of diesel, and 233 tons of the oil was found to have flowed into nearby rivers and seas.




Rescuers recover body of missing marine who helped heavy rain recovery efforts. To the latest on the recent deadly downpours here in Korea.A member of the South Korean Marine Corps, who had been part of a monsoon rain damage search operation, has been found dead.At least 50 people have been killed or remain missing.
Our Shin Ha-young has the latest. Heavy rainfall during this year's monsoon season has resulted in the deaths of at least 46 people.But the death toll could rise as according to the data from the Central Disaster and Safety Countermeasures Headquarters, as of 6 PM Thursday, four are still missing.In addition, 35 people have been injured while over 17-thousand have had to evacuate from their homes.About 3-thousand are still unable to return.The body of a marine who was swept away by a rapid stream on Wednesday during search and rescue operations has been found.Rescue workers found the marine corporal, who was serving with the 1st Marine Infantry Division, in the Naeseong stream in Gyeongsangbuk-do Province late Wednesday night – 14 hours after he was reported missing.However, authorities explained that he has not been added to the official death toll from the Central Disaster and Safety Countermeasures Headquarters to avoid confusion."The Marine Corps is currently investigating the accident, and evaluating the safety procedures of the search and rescue team that was dispatched at the site of the heavy rainfall."President Yoon Suk Yeol on Thursday expressed his deep condolences, saying that the government will thoroughly investigate the cause to prevent a recurrence.Meanwhile, on Thursday morning, authorities opened an investigation into the tragic accident in Osong in Cheongju-city, Chungcheongbuk-do Province, where 14 people died in a flooded tunnel.The investigation is focused on determining if the levee functioned as intended and whether it was sufficient to endure water pressure.Four hours before the tragedy, it was confirmed that the local government had received three separate flood warnings including two from the Geum River Flood Control Office specifically about the Osong tunnel.There were also several emergency calls made by members of the public.With the heavy rain alert lifted, the Central Disaster Headquarters has lowered its response level to the lowest of the three levels.The Korea Meteorological Agency issued a heatwave warning for the northern regions of Gyeonggi-do Province and Gangwon-do Province, as well as advisories in Seoul and the southern regions.This heatwave is forecasted to last until Friday and as the weekend begins, hot conditions are expected to cool down with nationwide rain in the forecast.




A Daewoo Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering employees monitor a robot as it welds stainless steel pipe together at the company’s pump mast manufacturing plant.The Korean shipbuilding industry, going through a severe labor shortage, is expanding its use of robots at shipyards. Korean shipbuilders are actively developing robots as a tool to boost competitiveness, as they believe that robots can increase their productivity and prevent accidents at workplaces.According to industry sources on Oct. 5, Samsung Heavy Industries recently developed a high-speed laser welding robot for manufacturing cargo holds for LNG carriers. Compared to conventional plasma arc welding (PAW), welding by the new welding robot is up to five times faster; it is expected to elevate the efficiency of LNG carrier construction.As it has become increasingly difficult to secure skilled welders, Samsung Heavy Industries has been developing high-speed welding robots since 2021, while regarding robotic welders as an alternative.HD Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering and Hanwha Ocean are also actively utilizing robotic welders. HD HHI became the first in the shipbuilding industry to introduce a collaborative robot for a major assembly process in 2018. Since then, through continuous improvement, it has been using robots for welding in all directions, including horizontal, vertical, and turning welding. Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries has introduced a number of additional welding robots this year, increasing its welding robots to 40-plus units.Earlier this year, Hanwha Ocean developed a collaborative robot to weld piping adjustment pipes on ships and deployed it to welding workplaces. The robot has undergone dozens of modifications since 2019 when the company was facing business difficulties. Workers can perform precise work with the robot without any safety fences or safety sensors. Hanwha Ocean believes that the welding robot will reduce job preparation time by 60 percent.Apart from welding, Korean shipbuilders are using robots throughout the shipbuilding process. Work efficiency can rise thanks to underwater hull cleaning robots that clean the lower part of the hull of a ship submerged in water, wire laying robots that automatically install wires, and curved molding robots that automatically mold curved outer parts of ships.The use of robots in the shipbuilding process is expected to expand in the future. This is because a long-term recession in the shipbuilding industry has led to a sharp decline in the number of shipbuilding workers, making it difficult to secure laborers. In fact, the number of ships scheduled to be delivered in 2024 and 2025 is similar to that of 2014 and 2015, but the size of shipbuilders’ construction workforce is only 100,000, which is half of the 200,000 employed in 2014 and 2015. The Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy also forecast that there will be a shortage of about 14,000 workers by the end of this year, given Korean shipbuilders’ recent backlog of orders.Since last year, the Serious Accident Punishment Act has been in effect, so shipbuilders are aiming to minimize safety accidents by using robots instead of humans for dangerous tasks.Michael Herhpr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Jeonnam Provincial Council Agriculture and Fisheries Committee Chairman Shin Shin-jun (photo, Democratic Party of Korea, Wando 2) reported on the damage to fishermen's seafood due to high temperatures and discharge of contaminated water from nuclear power plants during an administrative audit of the Institute of Oceans and Fisheries Science on the 6th. Expressing serious concerns, he again called for thorough measures to be taken at the Jeollanam-do level.On this day, Chairman Shin Shin-jun said, “Fishermen are having a more miserable year than usual due to the discharge of contaminated water from Japan’s nuclear power plants,” and asked, “Please ensure that there is no adverse impact on consumption of seafood by quickly and accurately testing the radioactivity safety of seafood.” He also emphasized, “As the damage caused by high temperatures due to abnormal climate continues to increase, it is necessary to prepare a related manual and establish specific measures,” and added, “The role of the National Institute of Oceans and Fisheries Science is very important in these difficult situations.”Chairman Shin said, “The National Academy of Sciences is doing important work that directly affects the income of fishermen,” and asked, “We will do our best to listen to the difficulties of fishermen and resolve them.”Kim Chung-nam, director of the Korea Institute of Oceans and Fisheries Science, responded, “As it is difficult to predict changes in sea temperature, we will do our best to supply safe and fresh marine products by conducting diverse research on aquaculture methods that can withstand high temperatures.”


 






Danube ship sinking may have been 'predictable' due to overcrowding of tourist ships: local media. News of the cruise ship sinking in Danube has sent ripples of shock throughout Hungary. Local reporters said this accident might have been a tragedy waiting to happen. While it is common to see many tourist ships cruising along the Danube,  Budapest-based reporters say big ships in the river can often cause congestion,  and with heavy rain, high tide and poor night visibility,  chances of a collision were more than likely. "A Hungarian newspaper found one of the cruise member of the hotel motor ship and he told them they were actually expecting an accident. That these huge boats can't somehow see the small ones. Also there were some motor boats and some dinghies and so it's really, really dangerous and there were no regulations about how many boats can have sightseeing in this one or two hours period."Still, it came as a shock as the last major accident on the scenic river took place over 7 decades ago. "It's a complete shock. We haven't had such an accident like that (   ) for many, many years on the Danube. There were accidents when two ships collided but nobody was hurt. This was unexpected, very exceptional." According to Euronews, the investigation has expanded to a nationwide probe along the Danube river,  with cooperation from Serbian authorities.However, chances of finding additional survivors are "diminishing." "The temperature of the river is just about ten, 12 degrees Celsius  and it's running fast and it's very hard to even swim in it."The river has been closed off during the investigation. "First they need to build up the case and after we will see. But in the first part, it looks quite obvious that it should be the fault the human error of the captain of the boat of the hotel."




Ferry Sinks In Collision In Philippines; 17 dead. A ferry with nearly 700 people aboard sank near the central Philippine port of Cebu last night after colliding with a cargo vessel, killing at least 17 people.A coast guard officer said 17 people were confirmed dead, including children, and 525 had been rescued several hours after the collision.Authorities were still checking the number of others who had been taken to hospitals.Hundreds of passengers jumped into the ocean as the ship started to sink, according to survivors. 




Suspicion Over Ship Accident. A diplomatic row is looming large over China’s belated report of a South Korean cargo ship sinking off the neighboring country’s east coast. Sixteen sailors remain missing after their South Korean-registered freighter, Golden Rose, sank after colliding with the Chinese vessel Jinsheng in dense fog on the sea near Yantai, Shandong Province, around 4 a.m. Saturday. The accident sparked speculation that the 4,800-ton Chinese ship left the scene without making any effort to rescue the victims. No one can imagine how the Chinese did nothing to come to the rescue of crewmembers of the sinking ship. Their inaction constitutes an apparent violation of international laws and conventions. Under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, the harming vessel is required to try to rescue victims when a collision takes place. The operators of the Chinese ship must clearly explain why their sailors continued to their destination _ Dalian in Liaoning Province. We cannot understand why the crew of the Chinese boat reported the case to China’s maritime authorities seven hours after the collision. The Chinese government is also under criticism for making a delayed report to the South Korean Embassy in Beijing. Chinese officials gave official notification of the accident to the embassy at 0:50 a.m. Sunday nearly 21 hours after the collision and about 14 hours after it first learned of the incident, according to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade in Seoul. In such a maritime accident, no one can waste even a second because victims’ lives depend on urgent rescue action. Quick reporting might have minimized the scale of the tragedy, even though the Chinese crew was unable to conduct rescue work. The sailors only reported the accident after they arrived at Dalian. Against this backdrop, the delayed response cannot but raise suspicions that the Chinese ship and the Beijing government may be trying to cover up the cause of the collision. In addition, the South Korean government was also slammed for slow action. The Busan-based operator of the ill-fated vessel reported the case to the Korea Coast Guard at 1:58 p.m. Saturday. However, the guard reported it to the foreign ministry, the Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries, and 27 other related government agencies through a fax message about six hours later. The foreign ministry only confirmed the message at 11:30 p.m., some three hours after receiving the fax transmission. South Korean officials should make efforts to get to the bottom of the accident and shed light on why the Chinese side delayed the reporting. They will also have to investigate why the Korean side failed to respond quickly to the emergency situation. We hope that Seoul and Beijing will strengthen cooperation to prevent such incidents in the future, although the case may develop into a diplomatic dispute between the two countries.





Financial Uncertainties IncreaseThe financial authorities are running a market monitoring team as financial uncertainties increase due to the conflict between the United States and Iran.The financial authorities of South Korea announced on Jan. 8 that the Financial Services Commission and the Financial Supervisory Service are running a market monitoring team with regard to financial uncertainties related to the conflict between the United States and Iran.According to the financial authorities, the conflict is unlikely to develop into an all-out war. Still, the monitoring team is going to implement a contingency plan once it is determined that the volatility of the financial market rises more than expected.South Korean financial companies’ foreign exchange exposure related to the issue is estimated at US$4 million or so. They have not increased the exposure since international sanctions against Iran, which means the South Korean financial market is unlikely to be directly affected by the Iran risks.Still, exposure to indirect risks will be inevitable if the issue begins to cover the entire Middle East or leads to instability on the part of emerging economies. The South Korean government is keeping a close eye on the safety of South Korean ships in the Hormuz Strait area and the possibility of a rapid increase in oil prices, too.The Bank of Korea also announced that it would keep monitoring the domestic financial and forex markets with regard to the possibility of more volatility.Yoon Young-silcontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Integrating 5G into ShipbuildingHan Young-seok (first from right), president of Hyundai Heavy Industries, and Hwang Chang-kyu (second from right), chairman of KT, watch HHI officials work at the company's Integrated Control Center.Hyundai Heavy Industries (HHI) Group is strengthening cooperation with KT Corp. to speed up the transformation of its dockyard into a 5G-based smart shipyard. The group is seeking to make a leap forward by integrating 5G mobile communications into shipbuilding.The two sides agreed in May this year to cooperate in promoting 5G-based robotics and smart factory businesses. In November, they reviewed the results of their cooperation during the past six months. At the time, they presented an AI-based voice-command collaborative robot, a robot management system based on a cloud, a new hotel amenity robot and a smart factory platform called Factory Makers.On Dec. 16, officials from the two sides got together at HHI Group’s main office in Ulsan on the southeastern coast to review the progress in transforming HHI dockyards into a 5G-based smart shipyard.“The shipbuilding industry is not immune to the wave of the 4th Industrial Revolution,” said Kwon Oh-gap, chairman of HHI Group. “Building smart shipyards based on 5G will play a big role in reviving the shipbuilding industry.”"We will lead the efforts to innovate the Korean manufacturing industry through business cooperation with KT, a leading 5G telecommunication company," Kwon added.On the day, KT chairman Hwang Chang-kyu and about 20 KT executives observed safety officials wearing 360-degree wearable neckbands at the Integrated Control Center of Hyundai Heavy Industries. They also watched production workers download design drawings at a 5G kiosk. The time to download design drawings at 5G kiosks was reduced from tens of minutes to minutes."It depends on the drawing size, but the downloading time has been reduced from about 10 minutes in the past to two minutes and 30 seconds, about one fourth," said an HHI official.They also confirmed the improvement in building a pilot maritime communications network which ensures stable communications at sea without interruptions. KT secured maritime communication coverage from Gampo Port to Cape Homi by improving the quality of its marine network.Jung Min-heecontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Cause of Ship Sinking Yet to Be Pinpointed. Government officials said Sunday that the cause of the sinking of the ship Cheonan has yet to be determined.The authorities have played down a North Korean involvement in the incident, but some military officials and experts as well as survivors argue that an outside impact, not an accidental explosion inside, could have caused the deadly incident.The area in which the patrol boat sank has been a hot zone for inter-Korean naval skirmishes for several years.In January, patrol vessels from both Koreas exchanged gunfire, following a similar exchange in November in which a North Korean vessel was severely damaged and a North Korean sailor was killed.The North Korean military threatened to retaliate.Against that backdrop, a torpedo from a North Korean submarine might have hit the Cheonan, some insist."Given the alleged huge impact that destroyed the 1,200-ton ship, a torpedo attack would be a possible cause," an expert at the state-funded Korea Institute for Defense Analyses (KIDA) said."But there is doubt over why the Cheonan sailors failed to detect the signs of an attack in advance with the radar and detection systems of the ship."A North Korean submarine might have turned off its engine and launched a torpedo against the Cheonan, the researcher said.Military authorities did not rule out the possibility of the ill-fated ship having been hit by a sea mine planted by North Korea."An acoustic mine might have hit the ship's screws. That's just one possibility among others," a Navy official said. Acoustic mines are activated by the noise of ship's screws.But other officials downplayed the possibility, saying North Korea has never used mines in the West Sea.It is possible that the North Korean regime ordered the attack in order to provoke the South, but the attack may instead have been launched by lower-level local commanders."If the sinking of the Cheonan was due to an attack, it will pose a serious threat to security on the Korean Peninsula and neighboring countries, and the United States," the KIDA researcher said.Some raise the possibility of the ship's collision with a rock. But it was unlikely, according to the Navy, because patrol ships had conducted operations routinely but had not seen rocks in the area.The last scenario is an explosion in the ship's petrol tank or a blast due to a malfunction of explosives, such as anti-submarine bombs the ship was carrying.




epaselect NORWAY ACCIDENTS FRIGATE TANKER COLLISION. Norwegian frigate KNM Helge Ingstad following collision with tanker epaselect epa07162342 A view of the Norwegian frigate KNM Helge Ingstad partly under water in the sea near Bergen, western Norway, 13 November 2018. The frigate capsized after colliding with the tank ship Sola TS on 08 November 2018.




Crewmembers Still Missing After US Destroyer Collides With Philippine-Flagged Ship. Seven crewmembers remain missing after a U.S. Navy destroyer collided with a Philippine-flagged container ship off the coast of Japan early this morning.The Japanese Coast Guard said the collision between the USS Fitzgerald and the ACX Crystal occurred southwest of Yokosuka at around 2:30 a.m.Five vessels, two planes and a team of specially trained rescue personnel have been sent to the area.In a statement released on Twitter, U.S. chief of naval operations, Admiral John Richardson, said his thoughts and concerns are with the Fitzgerald crew and their families.




Ocean Network Express (ONE) is pleased to announce the success of its first interactive loss prevention workshop, held at ONE’s headquarters in Singapore on 07 November 2023. The workshop brought together representatives from Protection and Indemnity (P&I) clubs — NorthStandard Club, UK P&I Club, Steamship Mutual — as well as ONE’s insurance provider, TM Claims Service Asia, and broker, Marsh. Workshop participants included ONE’s fleet management, vessel operation and marine safety teams.The workshop was designed to foster open dialogue and collaboration between ONE and its P&I clubs as well as ONE’s insurance provider and broker on the topic of loss prevention. Over the course of the event, representatives and participants shared their expertise and insights on a variety of issues, including operation security, cargo handling and stowage, fire safety, vessel maneuvering challenges, navigation risks, and accident prevention.“We are committed to working with our P&I clubs and loss prevention experts to prevent losses and ensure the quality of our services, safety of our employees, our customers’ cargo, and the environment,” said Shingo Iwasaki, General Manager and global legal head at ONE. “This workshop was a valuable opportunity for us to share ideas and best practices with our partners.”ONE is constantly exploring opportunities for partnership with its P&I clubs and maritime experts, insurance provider and broker to improve the operational quality to provide safe and reliable services.   








SEOUL -- Hanwha Defense, a key defense contractor in South Korea, will utilize its know-how in a submarine lithium-ion battery pack to lead a three-year state project aimed at developing technology for a marine energy storage system with a high level of safety that would replace imports and target foreign clients.The project, supervised by the state-run Korea Institue of Energy Technology Evaluation and Planning (KETEP), requires some 15.8 billion won ($13.9 million) to localize an integrated lithium-ion battery energy storage system (ESS). ESS is a power storage system that consists of batteries or specially designed battery packs.Hanwha Defense has established a consortium with three research bodies, including the Korea Research Institute of Ships and Ocean Engineering (KRISO), and companies such as Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (DSME). In February 2020, the shipbuilder partnered with Hanwha Defense for the development of a lithium-ion battery-based energy storage system that can reduce fuel use and emissions of pollutants generated by ships.lithium battery-based energy storage devices are seen as a next-generation ship energy source. Through a technology development deal with KETEP, Hanwha Defense hopes to set up an important bridgehead for entering the market for civilian eco-friendly ships. The company has developed its own energy storage system for state-run ships. Hanwha Defense CEO Sohn Jae-il said his company would cooperate with partners to focus on standardizing "the world's safest and most competitive ESS product" for ships. "We hope that this will contribute to enhancing the competitiveness of our nation by activating the development and dissemination of eco-friendly ship technologies in South Korea," Sohn said in a statement on June 24.Hanwha Defense and its partners would focus on energy storage systems for 1MWh-class and 200kWh-class ships and carry out evaluation, certification and safety verification tests. They would develop technologies such as preventing heat transfer, firefighting in module units, optimal design for marine environments, lightweight and miniaturization and safety control.Hanwha Defense would upgrade fire safety technologies and lead the standardization of ESS products targeting the global market. The International Maritime Organization (IMO), a U.N. maritime safety agency, has adopted mandatory energy-efficiency measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from ships. Hanwha Defense said it has accumulated technology and know-how related to large-capacity marine energy storage devices through the development of a submarine battery pack that demonstrated world-class safety and reliability through a performance verification test in a harsh test environment.South Korea has carried out the preliminary design of a diesel-electric submarine carrying lithium-ion batteries that are more power-efficient, take up less space and improve underwater navigation capability and high-speed maneuvering compared to conventional lead-acid batteries. Safety and reliability were prioritized for the development of lithium-ion batteries for submarines.







 






INDONESIA SINGAPORE TANKER COLLISION

Six missing after tanker collision in Batam

Indonesian Navy officers inspect the sinking MV Thorco Cloud after a collision with MT Stolt Commitment tanker on the waters out of the port limit (OPL) Batam-Singapore, Indonesia, 17 December 2015. According to media reports, at least six people missing after the tanker Stolt Commitment collided with freighter Thorco Cloud. 




BRAZIL SHIP COLLISION

Brazilian rescue members carrying a survivor of the two boats collision Friday 30 September, 2005, in Manaos, Brazil. Brazilian authorities using helicopters and boats searched for 18 people missing after a ferry sank in a collision with a barge on the Amazon River, killing at least three people. Officials said that 42 of the more than 60 passengers aboard the ferry had been rescued and three bodies had been recovered. The collision took place late Thursday night near the river town of Urucurituba, some 200 kilometers east of this state capital. EPA/CHICO BATATA





13 dead, 2 missing in fishing vessel collision

A fishing vessel carrying 22 people capsized off the coast of Incheon early Sunday morning, leaving 13 dead and two missing.

According to the coast guard, the 9.77-ton boat carrying two crew members and 20 passengers collided with a 336-ton tanker near Yeongheung Bridge while trying to pass a narrow channel at around 6 a.m.

The Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries said 20 of the 22 people had been located, with 13 of them dead. The seven others were taken to five different nearby hospitals. 

Two, including the captain, were still missing.

None of the tanker’s four crew members were injured, officials said. 

Hwang Jun-hyun, chief of Incheon Maritime Police station, told the media that the rescue team brought a crane barge at around 4:40 p.m. and lifted the vessel out of the water but failed to find the missing two. 

“We will continue with a night search,” said Hwang during a press briefing.

The rescue team arrived at the scene at 6:42 a.m., 33 minutes after the first report. Thirteen passengers were still inside the sinking vessel at that time, while seven were drifting in the water. The report was made by one of the passengers of the fishing boat at around 6:09 a.m.

Officials also said the vessel was officially registered as a charter boat to receive fishing guests and had received permission from authorities to depart from Jindu Port on Yeongjongdo on Sunday morning. 

Authorities said the ship had not violated any maritime regulations. All passengers, including crew members, were wearing life jackets, they said. 

One of seven survivors told the media that “everything happened so suddenly” and that passengers were not aware of another vessel approaching because it was pitch-dark in the morning. 

“As soon as the captain said the vessel was going to hit (the other vessel), we were thrown into the sea. I held onto floating Styrofoam waiting to be rescued,” a survivor said in an interview.

The presidential office Cheong Wa Dae said President Moon Jae-in was briefed about the incident at 7:01 a.m. and ordered maritime police and the Navy to do their best for the rescue operation.

“The president ordered (them) to take all necessary and quick medical actions, as well as to contact families of all identified passengers,” Cheong Wa Dae said, adding that a ministerial-level meeting would be held if necessary.

At least five helicopters and 19 boats were mobilized for the search and rescue operation. At least 20 rescue members from the Navy’s Ship Salvage Unit were dispatched to the site. 

A witness told Korean media outlet YTN that sporadic rainfall near the site may have contributed to the collision. Maritime police said there had been rain from 3 a.m. Sunday. Sea waves also rose to a height of 1.5 meters at the site, but further investigation is needed, officials said. 




Gyeongbuk-do, fully committed to ensuring food safety for residents. The Gyeongsangbuk-do Health and Environment Research Institute disclosed the results of safety tests on over 2,800 distributed agricultural and marine products conducted throughout 2023.According to the Institute of Health and Environment on the 2nd, a total of 1,807 agricultural and marine products brought into the wholesale markets in Andong, Gumi, and Pohang were tested for hazardous substances such as pesticide residues, and 15 cases, including chives, were found to be nonconforming. The results were notified to the relevant organizations and the nonconforming agricultural and marine products Measures were taken to prevent it from being distributed.In addition, as a result of testing for hazardous substances in 335 agricultural and marine products requested by the city and county, one case of Schisandra chinensis was found to be nonconforming, and the requesting agency was promptly notified to take action.In 2023, as the entire public was very concerned about radioactive contamination of food due to the discharge of contaminated treated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant, the research institute strengthened radioactivity testing to relieve residents' anxiety and minimize economic damage.In addition to daycare centers and schools that are currently conducting radioactivity tests on meal ingredients, we also expanded the testing to social welfare facilities to ensure the safety of meal ingredients for all classes sensitive to radiation. As there were concerns about a decline in consumption of seafood, we jointly conducted radioactivity tests on market specialty products and highly consumed seafood in collaboration with the Merchants' Association of fisheries markets located on the east coast of Gyeongbuk, and provided data (reports, QR codes) to promote the safety of seafood. In addition, as a result of conducting a radioactivity test on 663 distributed foods, including meal ingredients and marine products from major fish markets, it was confirmed that all foods were safe from radioactive substances. An official from the Gyeongbuk Institute of Health and Environment announced that in 2024, they plan to strengthen the inspection of existing gamma nuclides such as iodine and cesium, and at the same time establish an additional inspection system for nuclides that are not filtered out by purification facilities, such as tritium.Lee Chang-il, head of the food and drug research department at the Gyeongbuk Health and Environment Research Institute, said, “We will continue to do our best to protect the food safety of the residents through rapid and accurate analysis of hazardous substances in agricultural and marine products.”




Hungary boat sinking-Korean victim. Another S. Korean found dead in Budapest river after boat sinking. BUDAPEST, June 6 (Yonhap) -- The body of a South Korean man has been discovered in a river in the Hungarian capital, a week after the sinking of a sightseeing boat there, authorities said Thursday. Local police found the body about 4 kilometers south of the accident site at around 11:29 p.m. Wednesday. The victim has been identified as a South Korean man in his 60s, according to a team of South Korean officials dispatched to Hungary soon after the news of the accident. The vessel was carrying 33 South Korean tourists when it capsized following a collision with a larger cruise ship on May 29. Among them, 16 have been confirmed to be dead and 10 others remain missing. Seven were rescued.




Gunsan Coast Guard 'Special Measures for Maritime Safety Management' Promotion
Reinforcement of safety patrols until the 12th, the last day of Chuseok holidays, etc.
Reporter Park Seong-ho.Jeollabuk-do Gunsan Coast Guard analyzed that the number of family outings using the ferry will increase during the Chuseok holiday, the first holiday since the lifting of social distancing, and will promote 'special measures for marine safety management' until the 12th.In particular, this Chuseok is the 11th typhoon 'Hinnamno' accompanied by heavy rain, and the water level of the river is rising. We will do everything we can to protect life and safety.First, during the holiday period, maneuver inspections will be conducted on multi-use vessels, and safety patrols will be strengthened on land and at sea targeting dangerous areas such as breakwaters and areas where major accidents occur.In addition, in case of an emergency, all employees will check the emergency call system for quick response, and additional security vessels will be placed in the route of the multi-use vessel that transports returning passengers for safety management.In addition, a response system, such as an emergency contact network, will be established to efficiently prepare for marine pollution that may occur in ships or facilities without people during the holiday period.Gunsan Maritime Police Station Chief Lee Cheol-woo (Superintendent) said, "We will do our best to create a peaceful and safe sea during the Chuseok holiday. to give," he asked.Meanwhile, the Gunsan Coast Guard will carry out special crackdowns until the 16th to eradicate crimes that may infringe on people's livelihood and crimes against foreign affairs that may occur during the Chuseok holiday.During the Chuseok holiday on the 3rd, water leisure activities were expected to increase and a free inspection service was provided with the Korea Maritime Transportation Safety Authority.




Myung Hyeon-gwan, Mayor of Haenam County, orders “Thorough preparations to minimize damage from discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima” Regular meetings of county, office heads and town and village heads, reinforcing safety inspection and monitoring of marine products. (Haenam=Break News) Correspondent Lee Hak-soo = Jeonnam Haenam County Mayor Myeong Hyeon-gwan ordered thorough response measures to prevent damage to fishermen and the fisheries industry in relation to the discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima on the 28th. Through an open communication meeting held in the county office situation room with the heads of departments and township heads attending, the county chief said, “As the discharge of contaminated water has become a reality, the decrease in consumption of marine products and anxiety is growing nationwide, the county’s own countermeasures are quickly promoted to protect fishermen. “Haenam-gun, which is surrounded by the sea on three sides, has a large fishing industry, and as direct and indirect damage is expected to continue due to the discharge of this contaminated water, the voices of condemnation and regret from fishermen are growing. ” he was concerned. Accordingly, he emphasized the need for a response at the local government level, such as finding a realistic solution by immediately injecting budget into urgent matters, while preparing mid- to long-term measures in collaboration with all departments. The military has meticulously established countermeasures since last July, when discussions on the discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima began, and has significantly expanded safety inspections and monitoring of marine products. The safety inspection of fishery products has been expanded from 42 cases of 11 types to 100 cases of 11 types, and it is planned to secure a budget for this second supplementary budget, purchase 13 portable radiation meters, distribute them to each township, and establish a regular inspection system. In particular, 182 out of 335 aquaculture/village fisheries and inland seawater aquaculture have applied for the designation of 'aquatic product safe villages' for sea areas that are periodically inspected and managed for harmful substances such as radioactivity, and plans to continue to expand this. . It is also a policy to strengthen the control of the country of origin labeling of marine products with related agencies from once to twice a month, and to conduct frequent crackdowns. At the same time, in a situation where a sharp decline in seafood consumption is becoming a reality, sales promotion and promotional activities for safe aquatic products will also be expanded. Ahead of the Chuseok holiday, it was decided to hold a large-scale consumption promotion event to respond to the contraction in consumption of fishery products, while proposing compensation for damages in the mid- to long-term and government purchases of sluggish seafood products. “Not only sluggish production and sales of marine products, but also impacts on all areas such as distribution, industry, and tourism are expected,” said Mayor Myeonghyeon-gwan, county governor Myung Hyeon-gwan. Please be patient,” he begged.




EGYPT SUEZ CANAL COLLISION
Tanker collision in Suez Canal in Egypt

A handout photo made available by the Suez Canal Authority shows a tug boat pulling the Burri (L), an oil tanker flying the Cayman Island flag after a collision with the BW Lesmes, a tanker carrying liquefied natural gas and flying the Singapore flag (not pictured), at the Suez Canal near the city of Suez, in Egypt, 23 August 2023. According to Egyptian authorities, two tankers carrying liquefied natural gas and oil products collided in the Suez Canal on late 22 August, halting shipping through the international waterway. The BW Lesmes, a tanker carrying liquefied natural gas and flying the Singapore flag, experienced a mechanical issue on 22 August night and ran aground while navigating the Suez Canal, according to a statement from the Suez Canal Authority.




On the 19th, a marine corpsman was found dead 14 hours after being swept away by a torrent while searching for a missing person in the Naseongcheon area of Homyeong-myeon, Yecheon-gun. The deceased Private A was found at 11:08 p.m. downstream of Gopyeong Bridge in Naeseongcheon, Yecheon-gun, and is known to have conducted the search without basic safety equipment such as a life jacket.In response, the Democratic Party of North Gyeongsang Province criticized the government and military authorities for not taking any safety measures to protect the lives of the soldiers, such as not providing life jackets or safety ropes to the soldiers involved in the search.They said, “Naeseongcheon, the site of the accident, is a sandy river, and the sandbank changes frequently with the current, and it is a very dangerous place because it is formed with ground that can collapse at any time.”The Democratic Party of North Gyeongsang Province said, “Soldiers are the sons and daughters of all of us and are precious lives that cannot be exchanged for anything.” I hope you will please.”








 






Rep. Yoon Mi-hyang held an international forum to respond to the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant Polluted Water Discharge Promotion Status, Problems, and Response Direction The <International Forum on Ocean Discharge of Contaminated Water from the Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant in Japan> will be held on April 11th (Monday) at 1 PM, co-hosted by the National Assembly members Yoon Mi-hyang, Seo Sam-seok, Lee Jae-jeong, Kang Min-jeong, Kang Eun-mi, Min Hyung-bae, Yang Yi Won-young, Lee Seong-man, and Lee Su-jin (proportionate). do.In the <International Forum on Response to Marine Discharge of Polluted Water from Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant in Japan>, lawmakers and experts from Korea, Japan, the United States, and Australia will participate to examine the current status and problems of ocean discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima nuclear power plant. They will also discuss the need for international solidarity to stop the forced discharge of contaminated water into the sea, which threatens human safety and human rights and marine ecosystems.The forum will be chaired by Rep. Mi-hyang Yoon, and the topic will be presented by Kanna Mitsuta, the Japanese secretary general, Friends of the Earth, and Dr. Helen Caldecott, an Australian doctor and radiation expert, co-founder of the International Medical Organization for the Prevention of Nuclear War.Under the theme of “Promotion and Problems of Sea Discharge of Contaminated Water from the Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant in Japan,” Secretary General Kanna Mitsuta, the Japanese government decided to release the contaminated water from the sea on April 13, 2021 and the situation thereafter. He plans to announce the dangers of radioactive materials, including hydrogen (tritium), and problems in which alternatives to treatment of contaminated water have not been sufficiently reviewed.Dr. Helen Caldecott, who gave a presentation on the topic 'Effects of marine discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan on Pacific coastal countries', introduced the fatal risk of radioactive materials to the human body, and the Japanese government dilutes the contaminated water below the legal standard and releases it. Even so, it will be revealed that radioactive materials are not the correct solution because they are concentrated in living things by the food chain.Then, the US president of the Social Justice Education Foundation Son Seong-suk, co-founder of Tsukuru Force Pacific Asia Anti-Nuclear Peace Coalition, and South Korea's Choi Kyung-sook, an activist at the Citizens' Radiation Monitoring Center, will have a discussion.Son Seong-suk, who works for social and environmental justice in California, USA, said, “Discharging contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant into the Pacific Ocean without guarantees for safety and without the consent of the victims and neighboring countries will be a great disaster for mankind and the environment.” “Through joint efforts, we must address the threat of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant,” he said.The co-founder of Tsukuru Force introduced the results of the Mothers for Peace, an anti-nuclear group after the Fukushima accident, collected seawater samples and requested analysis to the Woods Hole Oceanographic Research Center in “California, USA Investigation Results and Recommendations.” Elevated cesium-134 levels are clear evidence that Fukushima pollution has reached the California coast.” “Activists should urge the Japanese government to stop discharging contaminated water into the sea at the national level,” he stressed.Choi Kyung-sook, an activist at the Citizens' Radiation Monitoring Center, proposes a policy to the Korean government to prevent the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant into the sea, which threatens public safety. Activist Choi is working with neighboring countries to oppose the discharge of contaminated water to the sea to prepare diplomatic measures to pressure the Japanese government, lead the environmental impact assessment on the discharge of contaminated water into the sea, establish a public-private consultative body to respond to the discharge of contaminated water into the sea, and undertake the public health division. Fisheries protection measures will be proposed.In his greetings, Rep. Yoon Mi-hyang said, “The Japanese government is pushing ahead with the plan to release contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant, regardless of concerns and opposition from neighboring countries, including Korea, and the international community. To prevent the discharge of contaminated water from nuclear power plants into the sea, we will work together to spread the solidarity where citizens of more countries can voice their voices and act.”Meanwhile, the international forum will be held simultaneously in the 3rd Seminar Room of the National Assembly Hall and online video conference (webinar). Anyone interested in the response to the marine discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant and the environment can participate. hpf21@naver.com








Jong-wook Lee(Police Officer), Safety General Manager of the West Sea Regional Coast Guard, began inspecting winter safety management and situational response posture for each sea area promoted by his Coast Guard station, and visited Gunsan Coast Guard Station in Jeollabuk-do on the 12th to inspect the security situation.On this day, Director Jong-Wook Lee of the Safety General Manager sequentially moved to the Gunsan Port Coastal Passenger Terminal, Gunsan Flight Management Center, Seonyudo Coastal Area, and Munyeo Island Jwitong Island to inspect marine accident vulnerability factors and the management status of safety management facilities in each sea area and implement marine safety policies. We carried out a meticulous and meticulous process of sharing.At this meeting, Director Lee said, "In order to minimize inconvenience to island residents and tourists due to the control of passenger ship operations due to bad weather, we are establishing a communication and cooperation system to share real-time marine weather in connection with the marine weather information service provided by the Coast Guard. He asked for cooperation to build a safe sea route."In particular, "It is most important to prevent fires or capsize accidents due to bad weather and temperature drops in the winter," he said. "We ask for continued education and promotion,"he added, encouraging them to work hard.At the same time, "During the winter season, we will strengthen maritime safety management patrols by intensively deploying patrol vessels and rescue boats in areas where fishing boats and fishing boats are concentrated and on major sea routes, and provide permanent rescue and first-aid equipment to maintain a 24-hour rescue response posture in preparation for marine accidents." "Please check your back,"he asked.Meanwhile, since last November, the Gunsan Coast Guard has been preparing for marine accidents in the winter by providing life-friendly services to fishermen with the goal of prevention-oriented safety management, providing detailed weather information, and strengthening compliance with port departure control regulations according to the weather. A safety management plan is being implemented.




Search operations at the Sewol disaster site have entered into a 17th day off the coast of Jindo, as divers continue to work around the clock to recover more bodies. The confirmed death toll stands at 226 -- with 76 still missing. With more on the search efforts, tbs eFM's Paul Yi joins us live in the studio. Paul, what are the latest developments at the site? --------- Underwater divers recovered five more bodies this morning from sunken Sewol ferry site. The four of the victims were found at around 4AM on the fourth floor of the vessel in the central and portside compartments. At least three of them are said to be male students. And at 6:30AM, search teams reportedly found a female body some 4 kilometers southeast of the accident site. As you said, the number of confirmed dead now stands at 226 -- with 76 still unaccounted for. The government-wide emergency task force says it will wrap up the first stage of search operations this Saturday with the completed search of 64 rooms.They then plan to begin using heavy equipment to force open compartment doors that have been inaccessible by next weekend--------And Paul, a massive probe by prosecutors and police is underway to try to find those responsible for this tragic accident. Has there been any progress in the investigation?--------The joint team of prosecutors and police investigating the cause of the Sewol sinking has requested arrest warrants for two senior officials of the ferry's operator, Chonghaejin Marine. A marine operations director surnamed Ahn and a logistics team leader identified only as Kim are suspected of loading the ferry with too much cargo and carrying out illegal renovations despite knowing the associated safety risks.
Kim allegedly tried to tamper with computer data on the Sewol's cargo volume upon hearing news of the accident. Meanwhile, the second son and two daughters of the ferry's owner Yoo Byung-run have been summoned to appear for questioning by prosecutors at 10AM.




GERMANY FERRY COLLISION

A handout image provided by the German Society for the Rescue of Castaways on 03 May 2012 shows the damaged ferry 'Urd' being moored at the Scandinavia quai of the harbor of Luebeck-Travemuende, Germany, after it collided with the Swedish ferry 'Nils Holgersson', earlier on 03 May 2012. There were no casualties reported. According to the Water Police the 'Nils Holgersson' rammed the Danish 'Urd' ferry during a transposition maneuver.




SWEDEN SHIP COLLISION

Two cargo ships collide in the Baltic Sea

The British cargo ship Scot Carrier pictured after colliding with the Danish cargo ship Karin Hoej in the Baltic sea between the Swedish city of Ystad and the Danish island Bornholm early morning 13 December 2021. The Danish ship, as seen in the background, has capsized and is upside down. 




The award ceremony for the ONE Marine Safety and Quality Campaign 2022 (August to September 2022) was held on November 24th, 2022, onboard the ONE Helsinki in Singapore. All feedback given was analysed in terms of relevance and effectiveness of applicability across vessels. A commendation was then awarded to the ONE Helsinki for the best feedback given. Nine (9) other vessels were also awarded with this commendation and through the campaign, many other valuable feedback was received from all participating vessels. Finally, the analysis of all individual feedbacks from vessels was circulated within the ONE fleet, successfully achieving the objectives of this campaign. ONE conducts Marine Safety and Quality Campaign annually with specific areas of focus to improve on safety & quality of fleet vessels. This year's theme was "Safety Consciousness – A Step Ahead." One of the main objectives was to enable an exchange of knowledge on Good practices and commonly found Observations, between ONE and the individual fleet vessels to enhance safety & quality. ONE would like to express our gratitude to the crew members and related parties for their tireless persistence for safety and quality at sea as well as operations ashore even during the COVID-19 situation. ONE will continue to work with all shipowners to maintain safe navigation, protect the marine environment and commit to continuously delivering reliable and quality services to our valued customers. < Korea Shipping Gazette >




Methanol Ship EraA methanol-powered container ship from the Maersk GroupThe era of methanol ships has officially begun with the voyage of the world’s first methanol propulsion ship, built by a Korean shipbuilder. Following HD Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering, which leads in technology having secured the most methanol ship orders globally, Samsung Heavy Industries has also recently succeeded in ordering methanol propulsion container ships, intensifying the competition among the three major Korean shipbuilders following liquefied natural gas (LNG) ships.According to the industry on July 23, the world’s first methanol propulsion ship built by Hyundai Mipo Dockyard began its first voyage on July 17 after completing its bunkering operation. The ship was ordered by Maersk, the world’s largest shipping company, in 2021. The ship departing from Ulsan Port is expected to arrive in Copenhagen, Denmark in September for a naming ceremony.Currently, the global shipping industry is speeding up the order of methanol ships to preempt the eco-friendly ship market. Maersk plans to replace 25% of sea transport freight with eco-friendly fuel ships by 2030 and has so far ordered a total of 25 methanol ships. The world’s third largest shipping company, France’s CMA CGM, has ordered 18 methanol-powered ships, while Korea’s HMM has ordered 9.Methanol is receiving attention as an eco-friendly fuel because it emits less greenhouse gases than existing bunker C oil. Sulfur oxide (SOx) emissions are virtually non-existent and nitrogen oxide (NOx) emissions can be reduced by up to 80%. Particularly, “green methanol,” produced by renewable energy, rapidly biodegrades when discharged into the sea, causing no marine pollution.In response, the competition to order methanol ships in the Korean shipbuilding industry has become even more fierce.HD Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering is leading by securing more than half of the global methanol ship orders. The key to methanol ships is engine technology. HD Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering started research in 2020 and developed a methanol dual-fuel HiMSEN engine in January this year, completing the factory operation test. It has received a total of 19 orders this year.Samsung Heavy Industries also intensified the competition by securing a large order for methanol ships for the first time this month. The quantity ordered from Taiwan’s Evergreen Marine is 16 vessels, with the contract amount reaching approximately 4 trillion won (US$3.1 billion), the largest ever for a single ship contract. Hanwha Ocean has not yet secured an order for a methanol ship, but its methanol ship technology is complete enough to start shipbuilding immediately.Jasmine Choipr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




More than three-fourths of South Koreans have sharply reduced their consumption of marine products over safety concerns since August when highly radioactive water was found to be leaking from a storage tank into the ground at the Fukushima nuclear plant in northeastern Japan, a survey said Monday. According to the online poll of 661 people conducted by the Korea Rural Economic Institute from Oct. 18 to Oct. 20, 521 respondents or 77.5 percent of those interviewed said they curtailed their consumption of marine products by nearly half - 48.9 percent. About 19.5 percent of respondents said the amount of marine products they ate remained unchanged, the survey. Only one pollee replied that he or she ate more marine products, it said. Fukushima was the world’s second most disastrous incident after Chernobyl which occurred in 1986.




PHILIPPINES FERRY COLLISION. A handout photo released by the Philippine Coast Guard (PCG) on 18 August 2013 shows a PCG rescuer carrying a baby following a collision between a passenger ferry and a cargo ship off Cebu province, central Philippines on 16 August 2013. Divers on 18 August retrieved bodies from a sunken ferry in the central Philippines, bringing to 37 the death toll in the accident, the military and coast guard said. Eighty-two people were still missing and feared trapped inside the MV St. Thomas Aquinas ferry, which sank on 16 August after colliding with a cargo ship off the port of Cebu province, 580 kilometers south of Manila.




Pohang Coast Guard conducts joint inspection with related agencies in preparation for marine accidents involving small fishing boats operated remotely.On the 14th, the Pohang Maritime Police Station (Chief Seong Dae-hoon) conducted a marine accident preparedness inspection jointly with the Pohang branch of the Korea Maritime Transportation Safety Authority and the Pohang Fishing Vessel Safety Bureau on small fishing boats for long-distance fishing anchored in Guryongpo Port.Previously, at around 2:35 a.m. on the 22nd, the coastal trap fishing boat '0519 Bokgil (9.77 tons)' capsized in the sea about 220km east of Pohang-si, Gyeongsangbuk-do. Four out of six crew members were rescued, but one died and the remaining one died. Myung remains missing to this day.In the case of small fishing boats (less than 10 tons) operated at long distances, the risk of marine accidents is high, so a joint fishing vessel inspection was conducted by the heads of four related agencies at Guryongpo Port, including the Chief of the Pohang Coast Guard, the Director of the Pohang Regional Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Office, the Pohang Branch Director of the Korea Maritime Transportation Safety Authority, and the Director of the Pohang Fishing Vessel Safety and Operation Bureau. carried out.The main inspection contents consisted of the presence or absence of life jackets, inspection of the operating status of communication equipment and navigation and engine equipment, and requests for safe fishing to ship owners and captains.Chief Seong Dae-hoon said, “Preemptive prevention of marine accidents is most important,” and added, “We will continue to strive to raise awareness of fishing boat safety and prevent fishing boat accidents in advance through joint inspections with heads of relevant agencies.”




SEOUL -- South Korea's marine ministry will inject 362.3 billion won ($295.1 million) into the private and public sectors in 2023 to accelerate the development and deployment of eco-friendly vessels that use liquefied natural gas, hydrogen, or electricity as their main source of fuel in a bid to reduce the emission of greenhouse gases by 50 percent in 2050, compared to the total amount (11.8 million tons) emitted by ships in 2017. Through a 30-year roadmap to go drastically reduce the emission of carbon dioxide by marine vehicles, the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries has been annually releasing blueprints designed to boost the development and adoption of clean energy vehicles since 2020. One of the main goals is to encourage local governments and administrative bodies to provide support to fishermen who wish to get an eco-friendly vessel through government funds. The marine ministry said that some 320 billion won will be used to build 46 clean energy vehicles including 30 hybrid engine vessels and seven liquefied natural gas (LNG) in the public sector. 20 existing vessels will be equipped with a diesel particulate filter (DPF), a special device that filters microscopic air pollution substances also known as fine dust and particulate matter, to lower the emission of greenhouse gases. The construction of eco-friendly ships will be encouraged in the private sector through subsidies worth up to 30 percent of the ship's price. 34.7 billion won will be invested to help private companies build 14 eco-friendly ships and pollution reduction devices for some 300 vessels. Demonstrations will take place to test the efficacy of electric-powered vessels and chargers. "Because the carbon-zero movement is the main trend in the marine logistics industry, we will try very hard so that eco-friendly vessels are distributed efficiently," the marine ministry's maritime affairs and safety bureau head Hong Jong-wook said in a statement on January 30. 




The Busan City Council adopted the 'resolution against ocean discharge of radioactively contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant' at the 4th plenary session of the 313th extraordinary session on the 2nd. On this day, the city council announced that it had adopted a resolution against the unilateral discharge of radioactively contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan, which does not comply with the IAEA international standards, as a proposal of the Maritime City Safety Committee. In the resolution, the city council pointed out. “Even though the dangers of contaminated water have already been known by experts at home and abroad, the Japanese government has rejected the unreliable claim that safety can be secured through multi-nuclide removal facilities and concentration dilution of contaminated water with numerous types of radioactivity." The city council demanded "The government should secure data related to contaminated water and actively respond to the Japanese government based on objective analysis by domestic experts and the results of the IAEA's investigation," In addition, The council urged, "We will have to resolve public anxiety by strongly demanding the Japanese government for an objective verification procedure for radioactively contaminated water." and also urged three things, The government should strengthen the establishment of a marine monitoring system for radioactivity inspection and prepare a system that can share monitoring results transparently in real time! The government should further strengthen radiation safety inspections for marine products, and prepare a manual to respond immediately in case of radiation detection! Avoid the spread of ‘fake news related to contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant’ that causes enormous confusion and damage to fishermen and fishermen in Busan with inaccurate information! Ahn Je-kwon, chairman of the Maritime City Safety Committee, said, "We plan to do our best in the future, actively jointly responding with the city of Busan as well as related provincial and provincial councils to fundamentally resolve citizens' anxiety regarding the issue of the discharge of radioactively contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant." The city council will deliver the resolution adopted on this day to the Office of the President, the National Assembly, the Office of the Prime Minister, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy, the Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries, and the Nuclear Safety and Security Commission. 




Jeonnam Province opens the Honam region’s best ‘National Maritime Safety Center’ in Jindo. Equipped with professional experience programs related to 10 disasters, including earthquakes, storms and floods... Governor Kim Young-rok, “I look forward to a memorial for the victims of the Sewol Ferry and a maritime safety learning center.”
(Muan = Break News) Reporter Haksu Lee = Jeonnam Province opened the Honam region's best 'National Maritime Safety Center' on the 7th in Namdong-ri, Imhoe-myeon, Jindo, to prevent marine accidents and develop response capabilities in the event of disasters through marine safety experience and education programs. revealed.
The opening ceremony was attended by about 200 people, including South Jeolla Province Governor Kim Young-rok, Minister of Oceans and Fisheries Cho Seung-hwan, Jindo County Governor Kim Hee-soo, and related organizations, and was held in the order of a pre-ceremony performance, introduction of the construction progress and facility status, commemorative remarks, congratulatory remarks, tape cutting, and a tour of the experiential facilities. The National Maritime Safety Center, built as a national project in accordance with the ‘Sewol Ferry Special Act’, began construction in 2016 and has a total floor area of 4,462㎡, with a basement level and two above-ground levels, with a project cost of 27 billion won (national funds). It is operated by the Korea Marine Boys Federation. On the first floor of the National Maritime Safety Center, we provide training on survival swimming and drowning rescue methods, which are marine safety experience programs that can help you develop response skills in the event of a marine accident, and also operate ship emergency evacuation and ship escape experience programs. On the second floor, there are a total of 10 marine and disaster safety experience programs, including earthquake and wind and flood damage. In addition, special courses include obtaining certification as a lifeguard and survival swimming instructor, and on-site marine safety education for youth and those involved in the marine and fisheries industry. The Marine Safety Garden, a memorial park for the Sewol Ferry disaster that reminds people of the importance of life and safety, and a youth hostel that provides lodging and lodging for students and youth receiving education at the safety center are also operated. Governor Kim Young-rok said, “We expect to play a big role as a memorial space to remember the victims of the Sewol Ferry disaster and as a learning center to solidify the public’s awareness of maritime safety.” He added, “We will operate programs optimized for safety education through organic cooperation with educational institutions. “We ask you to take the lead in establishing a safety culture,” he said.




[Anchor]TBS eFM's Ron Chang spoke with a U.S. veteran who served in Afghanistan, who says he worries about the locals who helped allied forces and hopes the Taliban will honor their promises to grant amnesty to them.[Reporter]Chad Perrault, a former U.S. Marine who now lives in Korea, says he supports a U.S. forces withdrawal deadline, but believes the safety of both Americans and locals need to be guaranteed first.[Clip: Perrault]"I think we should take back Kabul airport and extend that perimeter and just make sure that everybody gets out if it takes months or even another year, we need to do that."For Perreault, news of the deadly attacks in Kabul hit hard and has been saddening to hear.Although he remains hopeful that the Afghan people will eventually be able to take back their country, he still feels like more could have been done to ensure a clear end to America's longest war.[Clip: Perrault]"In a way, I do feel like we betrayed them. I do worry about the people that helped us and I feel bad. It's really heartbreaking to hear that much and I think that’s the only thing that I regret. I think that we couldn't do more for those people.”








Contrary to the promise of the Ministry of National Defense to build a combined civilian and military tourist port that allowed access to 150,000 tonne cruise ships, large ships may be able to pass safely through the port as it currently stands.According to a report released on Friday by a technical committee formed by the Prime Minister's Office to investigate the docking of cruise ships at the port, the design wind speed for 150,000 ton cruise ships (based on the Queen Mary 2) entering and leaving ports had to be 14 meters per second according to guidelines for marine transport safety inspections, but the navy had applied a wind speed of 7.7 m/sec in its simulations. An area of 13,223.8 m2 on cruise ships for exposure to crosswind, too, should have been applied in simulations, but the navy was estimated to have applied 8584.8 m2, an area too small.The committee also judged that free access to the port would be difficult because the “sea route alignment,” which ensures a safe distance for sea routes, was inadequate. The navy and Jeju authorities disagreed on the necessary size for turning area, a key matter when it comes to alteration of the seawall. The navy sought an area of 520m2 while Jeju officials insisted on 690m2, which led to a still-unresolved stalemate. The navy used standards for military vessels, while Jeju officials went by the dictates of trade or coastal ports. Nonetheless, the technical investigation committee chose to instruct in its report that simulations be conducted without making significant changes to the port plans, prompting criticism that it was trying to avoid making changes to the Jeju naval base plans.Groups including the local Gangjeong village association and a national committee to stop the building of the naval base urged a cessation and comprehensive review of construction inasmuch as errors in the plans had been acknowledged. On Thursday, the Democratic Unity Party adopted cessation of military base construction and a total reconsideration of the project as pledges in its manifesto for the coming general election.






USA SHIP COLLISION

A handout picture released by the US Coast Guard on 09 March 2015 shows extensive damage on the chemical tanker Carla Maersk sitting at anchor after being involved in a collision with the bulk carrier Conti Peridot, off Morgans Point, Texas, USA, 09 March 2015. The Maersk was carrying about 216,000 barrels of Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether (MTBE), a fuel additive in gasoline, and an unknown quantity of the product was spilled. A shelter-in-place order was issued for the people of Morgan Point, Texas, asking them to stay inside, keep windows closed and not use air conditioning. The order was later lifted. 




Drunk steering found to have caused Russian ship's bridge collision
Posted : March 5, 2019, 16:44 Updated : March 5, 2019, 16:44

SEOUL -- Due to misjudgment by its intoxicated skipper, a Russian cargo ship was found to have crashed into a landmark suspension bridge last month in the southern port city of Busan. The crash injured three sailors and caused structural damage to the bridge.

South Korea's coast guard said Tuesday that the 5,998-ton Seagrand had butted three moored yachts before running into the side of Diamond Bridge, which is 7.4 kilometers (4.6 miles) long, on February 28. The collision left a hole, prompting city authorities to check what the bridge should be repaired.

Based on the ship's security camera footages and voyage data recorder, the coast guard blamed misjudgment made under influence of alcohol. The Russian captain has been arrested because his blood alcohol content was well above the legal limit.

Coast guard inspectors dismissed the captain's claim that he drank cognac after he drove his ship into the bridge. He was found to have made a mistake in steering under the influence of alcohol and lost control in a chaotic situation in the ship's helm while trying to make a big turn at a high speed.

The captain was accused of ignoring a warning from the ship's chief mate that the ship was sailing on a collision course. He allegedly had tried to cover up the incident by ordering his crew to keep mum.




Trump Tweets 'Thoughts And Prayers' To Victims Of US Navy Collision

U.S. President Donald Trump has tweeted his "thoughts and prayers" to the sailors aboard a U.S. destroyer that collided with a tanker near Singapore on Monday.

The incident left at least 10 sailors missing and five others injured.

The U.S. Navy said search and rescue efforts were underway in coordination with local authorities.

The USS John S. McCain had been heading to Singapore on a routine port visit.

There was no immediate explanation for the collision and the Navy said an investigation would be conducted.

It's the second accident involving a ship from the Navy's 7th Fleet in the Pacific in two months - in June, the USS Fitzgerald and a container ship collided in waters off Japan, leaving seven sailors dead.




The Pohang Maritime Police Station (Chief Hyung-min Kim) announced on the 14th that it would carry out special crackdown on offenders of marine safety violations centered on prevention of ship collisions, capsizes, and fires for 10 weeks from February 14 to April 22.In order to prevent ship accidents that are directly related to the lives of the people, the types with high probability of accidents will be selected and intensively cracked down, and a safety accident prevention culture will be created through sufficient publicity (2 weeks) prior to the crackdown.An analysis of ship accidents within the Pohang Maritime Police Station over the past three years shows that 63% of all accidents were fishing boats, leisure equipment 19%, cargo ships 5%, and fishing boats 3%. followed by %.Recently, on February 4, a fire of unknown cause occurred in a cargo ship berthing at the New Port pier in Pohang, Gyeongsangbuk-do. On January 28 of the same year, an accident occurred in which a fishing vessel in operation collided with a fishing vessel in operation due to negligence at sea in front of Gampo Port in Gyeongju.For prevention-focused crackdowns, the Coast Guard plans to select and crack down on types with high probability of ship accidents, such as △Illegal increase/construction △Failure to undergo ship safety inspection △Overload/overboarding △Unlicensed operation and operation under the influence of alcohol.In addition, he said that he plans to thoroughly examine whether there are any harmful factors in the sea and ports related to the enforcement of the Serious Disaster Punishment Act through a planned investigation.Meanwhile, the Coast Guard said that it is asking for active participation in the two-week pre-publication and guidance period that takes place prior to the crackdown.








Economic Policy Direction for 2019The South Korean President Moon Jae-in (center) speaks during a meeting with his cabinet members on the “2019 Economy Policy Direction” in Cheongwadae (Presidential Office) on Dec. 17.The South Korean government has presented 16 projects in four sectors to achieve results in the first half of next year.The four sectors of the “2019 Economy Policy Direction” released by the government on December 17 includes “big project” for boosting domestic demand and creating jobs, “big deal” for settlement with social conversation and compromise, “big innovation” for industrial innovation and “big trust” for strengthening tolerance in the economy and society as a whole.The government has decided to support the launch of large-scale corporate investment projects worth more than 6 trillion won (US$5.3 billion) for the big project first. It will execute over 6.4 trillion won (US$5.66 billion) worth of large private investment projects, such as Build-Transfer-Lease (BTL) and Build-Transfer-Operate (BTO), by reforming the system and inject 8.6 trillion won (US$7.6 billion) into community-based livelihood social overhead capital (SOC) projects. It is planning to allocate money for SOC projects before the fiscal year starts and push ahead with the projects early by raising the ratio of national subsidy.The government has also pledged to address projects that are difficult to settle due to intricate webs of interests, such as home sharing and health and medical services, with the “big deal.” It will mainly focus on activating sharing economy, including home sharing, expanding health and medical services, developing and spreading mutual-growth regional job models and establishing innovative employment stabilization models.The government will expand home sharing, including Airbnb, and come up with regulation reform measures for car sharing and space sharing by the end of the year. It will also carry forward the non-face-to-face monitoring pilot project for chronic disease patients, such as blood pressure disorders and diabetes, mainly in small hospitals in villages.The government will pursue innovation in the industrial sector to strengthen the competitiveness in key industries. For the four key projects, it will draw up measures to boost the competitiveness in car, shipbuilding, display and petrochemical industries, establish strategies to promote promising service industries, including tourism, healthcare, content and logistics, reinforce the startup ecosystem of smaller and venture firms and support four key new industries, like smart factory.The government will set up a manufacturing innovation strategy by the end of the year and fully support four key sectors – car, shipbuilding, display and petrochemical – first. It will expand supply support of electric and hydrogen powered cars and help with future car technology development projects in the auto industry. It will also provide 1.7 trillion won (US$1.5 billion) of financial support to smaller and equipment companies in the shipbuilding industry and help them win orders of 140 LNG propulsion ships by 2025.The government is planning to strengthen tolerance by improving some policies in a bid to embrace working classes and small business owners. The big truest project includes the expansion of the income base of working classes and small business owners by expanding the earned income tax credit (EITC), reducing credit card fees and offering stronger projection of tenants and the reduction of their economic burdens as well as the system planning and enactment of relevant law to introduce the Korean version of unemployment allowance.In addition, the government has suggested the revision of minimum wage and labor standard laws by the end of February to reform the minimum wage law and the extension of the duration of the flexible working hour system as part of the big trust projects.Jung Suk-yeecontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




HUNGARY BOAT ACCIDENT TRIAL

Trial over the deadly collision between Hableany cruise boat and Viking Sigyn vessel

Judge Leona Nemeth announces the verdict in the trial over the deadly collision of the Hableany sightseeing boat at the Pest Central District Court in Budapest, Hungary, 26 September 2023. On 29 May 2019 the Hableany river cruise boat, carrying 33 South Korean tourists and two Hungarian crew members, collided with the Viking Sigyn on the Danube in Budapest. Seven tourists were rescued, twenty-seven people perished as the result of the collision, while the body of one South Korean national has not been recovered.




Establishment of a base city for marine leisure tourism in 2024. This year, Changwon Special City presented a vision of “Changwon, the central city of maritime ports and logistics in Northeast Asia,” analyzed the major achievements of 2023 and began preparing specific plans for a leap forward in 2024.Major achievements in the marine port sector in 2023 include Establishing a foundation for normalization of the Gusan Marine Tourism Complex construction project Transferring special authority for Jinhae Port management and converting port facility usage fees into local revenues Establishing a foundation for expansion of inland land (land) in the port hinterland complex Vitalization of marine leisure and tourism Establishing the foundation Selection of a public contest for the new fishing village revitalization project Creating a clean marine environment by strengthening marine waste collection and processing, etc., laid the foundation for growth engines for major pending issues, while focusing on sustainable management of fishery resources and strengthening the competitiveness of fishing villages. It was a year.The Gusan Marine Tourism Complex construction project, a long-term project, has entered the normal track. Mayor Hong Nam-pyo attended the review of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport and actively explained the city's firm will and various measures to secure public interest, which resulted in the passage of conditional business approval for the tourist complex that includes the golf course.Changwon City expects that once National Road No. 5 (Changwon Masan ~ Geoje Jangmok), which is currently being promoted, is completed and the new Gadeokdo Airport opens, it will greatly contribute to fostering the tourism industry and revitalizing the local economy as an axis of the southern coast tourism belt, and will enjoy the natural marine scenery. They announced that they would accelerate the creation of a family resort and residential tourist complex.Jinhae Port management authority was secured through the transfer of Jinhae Port special authority for the first time to a local government (April 27, 2023). The city acquired the status of Jinhae Port management agency, making independent port development possible that reflects the characteristics and demands of the region. In addition, the city actively advocated the need to convert port facility usage fees, which were collected as national funds, into local revenues, so that port facility usage fees of more than KRW 2 billion each year will be converted into local revenues from 2024. Based on this, city-friendly port development and citizen-centered projects will be implemented. It is expected that administrative services will be available.As the supply of port hinterland complexes at New Port and Jinhae New Port is less than demand, it is judged that there will be a limit to the supply of port hinterland complexes through dredged soil dump sites. In order to expand the port hinterland complex, the city requested the central government to expand and designate the onshore port hinterland complex. We continued to make suggestions, and finally, the need to designate the onshore port hinterland complex was specified in the ?4th port hinterland complex comprehensive plan?, thereby laying the foundation for the expansion of the land portion of the port hinterland complex at New Port and Jinhae New Port.In December of this year, in order to establish a foundation for revitalizing marine leisure and tourism, the first stage of civil engineering (infrastructure) construction of the ‘Changwon Jinhae Myeongdong Marina Port Development Project’, which had been promoted by signing a concession agreement with the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries in 2016, was completed.The Jinhae Myeongdong Marina Port Development Project is a national base-type marina development project that creates mooring facilities, accommodations, and commercial sites for 300 ships (150 on the sea, 150 on the land). In April, a management and operation strategy establishment service was provided to revitalize the marina port. has begun and is accelerating its progress with the goal of completing the project and operating the marina in the second half of next year.Gwangam Beach, the only beach in our city, was visited by 66,350 vacationers during the 51-day opening period from July 1 to August 20. The city devoted a budget of 700 million won to operation and safety management of the beach, contributing to the revitalization of the local economy with a production inducement effect of 8 billion won, an added value effect of 3.3 billion won, and an employment inducement effect of 39 people (35 directly employed). In 2023, three ports, Yulti Port, Okgye Port, and Yongho Port, were selected for the fishing village revitalization promotion project, achieving the feat of securing 15.7 billion won in national funds. Next year, the detailed design will be completed and construction will begin. In addition, in the 2024 Fishing Village New Vitality Promotion Project contest application, the Living Platform Creation Project (Type 2) includes a water village in Jinhae-gu and 2 Udo Ports, and a safety infrastructure improvement project. In (Type 3), 5 locations in Masan Happo-gu, including Janggi/Seondu Port, Bandong Port, Janggu Port, Nanpo Port, and Simri Port, have been submitted for public offering and are focusing on the final selection.Changwon City strived to create a pleasant marine environment by systematically managing marine debris and quickly collecting and disposing of it. At the end of March of this year, after the completion of the environmental purification ship Nubi, we carried out marine waste collection and transportation work around the coasts of coastal and island areas within the jurisdiction, processing 50 tons of marine waste, and improving the marine environment by removing floating waste within the shipping lane to prevent fishing boat accidents. Contributed to improvement.In addition, we prevented re-dumping of marine waste by purchasing and disposing of 116 tons of waste salvaged by fishermen during their fishing operations, established a regular marine waste collection system by operating a marine environment guardian (500 tons), and implemented a marine waste purification project on islands and remote areas (25 ha, 44 tons). , a total of 760 tons of marine waste was collected and processed, including regular processing of collected fishing waste (100 tons), purification of pollutants from fishing spots, and collection of sediment waste (6.5 tons), relieving citizen inconvenience and improving coastal and marine environmental pollution.Changwon Special Mayor Hong Nam-pyo said, “With this year’s major achievements as a driving force, in 2024, we will focus our administrative power on securing future food by preemptively responding to the creation of added value in the port and logistics industry by establishing the foundation for a marine leisure tourism hub city and creating a tripod centered in Changwon.” revealed.






ex-Marine investigator-trial. Ex-chief Marine investigator denies insubordination allegations at 1st hearing SEOUL, Dec. 7 (Yonhap) -- Marine Corps.' former top investigator on Thursday denied allegations that he disobeyed his superior's order over an internal probe into the death of a young Marine in July and called for a thorough investigation into alleged influence peddling surrounding the case. Col. Park Jung-hun was indicted on charges of insubordination and defamation of his superior after he handed over the probe findings regarding the death of Cpl. Chae Su-geun to the civilian police in August despite then Defense Minister Lee Jong-sup's order for him to wait for more legal deliberations."Charges of insubordination and defamation of my superior cannot be established. If the court thoroughly gets to the bottom of the case and reveals that there was external pressure, the rest of my charges will be cleared," Park told reporters in front of the High Military Court in the defense ministry compound ahead of the first hearing of his trial.Park expressed regret over the police's slow investigation into the cause of the Marine's death and the Corruption Investigation Office's dragging probe into whether there was influence peddling behind the case."Today, I appeared before the court martial due to the military prosecution's absurd investigation and indictment. I will faithfully attend the trials to prove my innocence and that justice is alive," said Park, flanked by his former Marine colleagues in their signature red shirts.Marine Col. Park Jung-hun holds a press briefing ahead of the first hearing of his trial on his insubordination and defamation of his superior held at the High Military Court in the defense ministry compound on Dec. 7, 2023. (Yonhap) Park spearheaded the preliminary probe into what contributed to the death of Chae, who was swept away by an overflowing stream in Yecheon County, 161 kilometers southeast of Seoul, on July 19 while on a mission to search for victims of downpours. Chae's death has sparked criticism that his commanders pushed for the risky operation without proper safety measures.The Marine Corps investigation found that eight people, including the commander of the 1st Marine Division, are responsible for negligent homicide and other charges.Park reported the finding to Lee on July 30, which the minister initially approved. But he reversed his decision a day later, citing a need for further review. Park transferred the records to the police anyway, leading to his dismissal from his post and the investigation by military prosecutors. The former Marine investigator has told media that he felt pressured to remove the division commander from a list of people found responsible for the death, claiming that Lee asked whether even the commander would face criminal charges during their meeting. Prosecutors rejected the remark as false, accusing Park of defaming the minister.




Ocean Network Express (ONE) initiates Marine Safety and Quality Campaign to reiterate marine navigation safety practices. As a charterer, Ocean Network Express has carried out onboard Vessel Quality Standard (VQS) inspections since the start of its operations in April 2018. In line with their core values, these inspections have enabled ONE to offer a reliable and quality service to their valued customers. As a result of the Covid-19 pandemic ONE has launched a new self-inspection challenge for vessels, replacing their previous (VQS) inspections which are currently suspended. The self-inspection challenge will be undertaken by the ships crew, as part of the ONE Safety and Quality Campaign 2020. This campaign will run from July through to December to maintain the safety and service quality of ONE's fleet during the Covid-19 period. All vessels under ONE's operation are encouraged to identify and make good any potential defects using a ONE self-checklist. A VQS Excellent Cooperation award will be given to the most cooperative and motivated vessels. Through the Marine Safety and Quality Campaign, ONE intends to raise safety awareness in collaboration with its business partners, further extending their efforts in safe and efficient operations. Throughout Covid-19 and into the future ONE will continue to provide a reliable and quality service.




The trajectory of rockets launched from the Gaza Strip in Palestine can be seen on the left, and the interceptor missiles launched from the Iron Dome air defense system to intercept them can be seen on the right, in this photo taken in Ashkelon in southern Israel on Oct. 8, 2023.The ongoing armed conflict between Israel and the armed Palestinian faction, Hamas, has sent shock waves through the Middle East. Accordingly, major South Korean companies like Samsung Electronics and Hyundai Motor, which have a significant presence in the area, are closely monitoring the situation. Despite the implementation of the “Number 1 Free Trade Agreement (FTA) in the Middle East” between South Korea and Israel in December of last year, the effects of this FTA are now in jeopardy as there are concerns that trade between the two nations could rapidly deteriorate. Depending on the duration of this crisis, there are also concerns that cooperation in cutting-edge research fields such as artificial intelligence (AI), robotics, and biotechnology between South Korean corporations and Israel may face disruptions.Samsung Electronics announced on Oct. 8 that it activated its emergency communication network right after the previous day’s breaking news of a large-scale attack by the armed Palestinian faction, Hamas, against Israel. The company is closely monitoring the situation, including the local conditions and any damage to its subsidiaries. Samsung Electronics’ Israeli sales subsidiary and research center are located near Tel Aviv, more than 100 kilometers away from the border, and so far, there have been no reports of direct damage due to the current situation. LG Electronics also has a sales office in Tel Aviv, and there has been no reported harm to employees or their families. An LG Electronics spokesperson said, “We have transitioned all employees to remote work and are periodically checking on their safety at the office level.”Israel is a region that Samsung Electronics has been investing in as a cornerstone for securing future advanced technologies. Lee Jae-yong, chairman of Samsung Electronics, visited Israel, including the Samsung subsidiary in Tel Aviv, on Sept. 28, which was about ten days before this recent crisis erupted. Samsung has established and operates local entities in Israel, such as Samsung R&D centers and Samsung Research Israel. In June, Kyung Kye-hyun, president and CEO of the Device Solutions division, visited Israel and had meetings with local quantum computing and AI startups.According to market research firm StatCounter, Samsung holds a dominant 46.7 percent market share in the Israeli smartphone market as of September, significantly outpacing Apple which stands at 29.6 percent. LG Electronics, on the other hand, continues to collaborate with local startups and companies in Israel as part of its efforts to advance its automotive electrical and electronics business. It has recently acquired the Israeli cybersecurity firm Cybellum. Both companies are actively engaged in the home appliance business within Israel as well. According to market research firm Euromonitor, Samsung and LG held the first and second positions in the Israeli branded home appliance market with market shares of 12.9 percent and 12.3 percent, respectively, in 2022.Hyundai Motor Group, currently holding the top position in Israeli market share, is also closely monitoring the recent situation. Hyundai and Kia Motors operating in the Israeli market hold the number one position with approximately 29 percent market share, considerably ahead of Toyota, the second-place contender, which has about 10 percent. According to market research firm Focus2Move, Hyundai Motor Group’s sales figures from January to August of this year show Hyundai leading with 36,459 units, or 15.8 percent, while Kia follows closely with 27,399 units, or 12.4 percent, in the second position. When combined, their market share reaches 28.7 percent, substantially ahead of Toyota’s 10.6 percent in the third position. Hyundai Motor Group has been operating in Israel through a distributorship model without a dedicated sales subsidiary.The trade authorities and export industries are closely watching the possibility that the current crisis may dampen the efforts of both South Korea and Israel to expand their trade following the enactment of the South Korea-Israel FTA in December of last year. The South Korea-Israel FTA marked the first FTA between South Korea and a Middle Eastern country. It eliminated tariffs on over 95 percent of goods, with a particular emphasis on the immediate removal of the 7 percent automobile tariff. This had raised expectations for further expansion of exports for companies in the automobile and automotive parts industry, including Hyundai and Kia Motors.During his visit to New York last month, President Yoon Suk-yeol held his first summit meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu since taking office, where he stated, “Close cooperation continues in the field of technology, including AI and alternative energy, between the two countries.” He also had urged for special attention to be given to the potential participation of South Korean companies in Israel’s ongoing transportation infrastructure expansion project.The biggest concern in the domestic industry is whether there will be an increase in oil prices. A representative from the petroleum industry said, “Israel and the Gaza Strip are at a significant distance from major oil import routes. There will likely be limited immediate impact on oil prices since it does not directly affect key oil-producing countries like Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Iraq, and others.”However, it has been reported that it could potentially lead to fluctuations in oil prices if the conflict were to escalate to involve neighboring countries such as Saudi Arabia and Iran, which support Palestinian independence. Therefore, it is crucial for observers to monitor the international situation closely.The aviation and maritime logistics industries are also closely monitoring the situation. Korean Air, which operates the Incheon-Tel Aviv route three times a week, has posted a notice on its website stating the possibility of “irregular operations” as the number of casualties gradually increases. Tomorrow’s flight schedule is currently under discussion as well. Korean Air said, “We prioritize passenger safety and will make decisions regarding future flights and operations after closely monitoring the local situation.”The uncertainty in the international economy raises the possibility of further depreciation of the Korean won. On Oct. 9, the exchange rate was 1,349 won per dollar, slightly higher than the yearly low of 1,354.5 won, but it still remained at a low level. Industry insiders have expressed concerns, saying, “In the event of another full-scale conflict following the Russia-Ukraine war, preference for the safe-haven U.S. dollar may increase. Such a scenario could lead to exchange rate fluctuations, posing challenges for business operations.”Jung Min-heepr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Pohang Coast Guard strengthens winter marine accident preparedness and response posture Pohang Marine Police Station (Chief Seong Dae-hoon) announced on the 1st that it will begin strengthening its preparedness and response posture for marine accidents during the winter season to prevent fishing boat accidents such as fishing boat fires and maintain a rapid response system.According to the Pohang Coast Guard, the number of fishing vessel accidents such as capsizes and collisions that have occurred at sea over the past five years is a total of 1,005, of which 348 vessels occurred during the winter season (November to February), accounting for 34.6%.In particular, the number of casualties (deaths/disappearances) due to fishing boat accidents is 24 people in 17 boats, of which 16 (67%) occurred in 9 boats during the winter, showing that the casualties are relatively high compared to accidents.In addition, 85 fire accidents occurred, of which 31 (36.5%) occurred during the winter.Accordingly, the Pohang Coast Guard established a joint inspection team with Pohang City, Gyeongju City, Korea Maritime Transportation Safety Authority Pohang Branch, National Federation of Fisheries Cooperatives Pohang Fishing Boat Safety Bureau, etc. to target fishing boats anchored in Yeongil Bay, Dongbin Port, Homigot, Guryongpo, and Gampo Port around November. We plan to conduct safety inspections.In particular, during the joint inspection of Pohang City's Dongbin Port on November 9, commanders from all related organizations participated and conducted a professional and substantial inspection, including inspection of the availability and condition of fishing vessel equipment, factors causing electrical fires and status of firefighting equipment, and normal operation of fishing vessel location transmitting devices. I plan to do it.In parallel with safety inspections, fishing boat operators are encouraged to minimize damage from fishing boat accidents such as fires due to negligent equipment management and careless handling of firearms, and to install wireless equipment and fishing vessel location transmitting devices (V-Pass, VHF-DSC, D-MF) in the event of an accident at sea. /HF, sea navigation, etc.) and conduct training on the operation of the distress button (S0S).In addition, in preparation for the occurrence of fires in fishing boats moored in ports and ports, joint training to respond to fires in fishing boats moored in ports and ports will be conducted with the participation of firefighting (safety center) and the private sector (private marine rescue team, fishing village community) at each police station.The training includes preliminary meetings and on-site inspections, joint fire suppression on anchored fishing boats, detailed searches of stranded people on board, and transport of emergency patients.In addition, on-site inspections centered on command staff (commanders and staff) are conducted at fishing boat docks and major activity areas within the jurisdiction, and simultaneous inspections are conducted on coastal rescue boats, patrol cars, and rescue equipment at police stations to establish a rapid rescue response posture in preparation for emergency situations. .Chief Seong Dae-hoon of the Pohang Marine Police Station said, “Due to frequent bad weather during the winter, the risk of marine accidents is high, and as many accidents occur due to human factors such as insensitivity to safety, thorough pre-equipment inspection, safe operation, and inspection of fire extinguishing equipment on board the ship are required before departure. “Maritime workers need to pay special attention so that they can use it immediately in emergency situations.”








Hyundai Glovis, a logistics unit under Hyundai Motor Group, said on Tuesday it will apply digital training programs through ship handling simulators of its new subsidiary G-Marine to enhance operation and maintenance abilities of shipping crew. G-Marine Service acquired by Hyundai Glovis in July last year offers safety and maintenance services for ship owners, trains marine and shipping industry personnel, supervises shipbuilding work and sells vessel components. Hyundai Glovis has prioritized improving training services since its venture into ship operation and maintenance services with the acquisition last year. Such measures include the launch of G-Marine Academy to provide customized training programs to marine and shipping industry personnel and the introduction of a new ship handling simulator to better train professionals in ship performance over a range of maneuvering conditions including pre/post-accident handling scenarios. The company also decided to introduce six new training systems, including a dedicated simulator and a cargo securing trainer for operating members of its pure car and truck carrier (PCTCs). G-Marine Service will also be relocated to a larger site in Busan to meet requirements for business and organizational expansion.








Pohang Coast Guard resolves residents' anxiety through quick inspection of Gyeongju earthquake.Pohang Marine Police Station (Chief Seong Dae-hoon) conducted a joint on-site inspection of the Wolseong Nuclear Power Plant with the 2nd Brigade Commander of the 1st Marine Division (Brigade Commander Jeong Byeong-ho) in relation to the magnitude 4.0 earthquake that occurred about 19km southeast of Gyeongju-si in the early morning of the 30th.The joint inspection on this day was carried out to instill faith that there is no need to worry about maritime safety (disaster response) despite any difficulties by showing the quick joint efforts of both organizations to local residents who may be suffering from vague anxiety even though it is the safest place.Jeong Byeong-ho, commander of the 2nd Brigade of the 1st Division of the Marine Corps, said, “This joint inspection served as an opportunity to look at the land from the sea and re-examine vulnerable coastal areas, such as blind spots at Marine Corps posts, and cooperation between the two organizations is more important than anything else for the safety of the people.” Meanwhile, the Pohang Coast Guard plans to continue to inspect tsunami-vulnerable areas together with the police station to prevent additional damage from aftershocks.Chief Seong Dae-hoon said, “If there is an inland earthquake of 4.0 or higher or an offshore earthquake of 4.5 or higher, an emergency disaster text message will be sent across the country wherever the occurrence occurred. At this time, please check the disaster text message and evacuate quickly. The Coast Guard and Marine Corps will engage in immediate response activities in the event of an earthquake.” He said.Meanwhile, the Pohang Coast Guard plans to conduct the 4th joint basic water disaster preparedness training on December 6th with the theme of tsunami response.




The Yeosu Maritime Police Station announced on the 28th that it will carry out special crackdowns on illegal acts on fishing boats that are highly likely to cause marine accidents, such as safety violations due to the increase in the number of fishing boats in peak season in the fall.According to the Coast Guard, the number of fishing boat users is increasing despite the spread of Corona 19, and among a total of 95 fishing boat accidents over the past three years, 29 accidents in the fall season accounted for 30.5% of all fishing boat accidents.A total of 400 fishing boats in Yeosu-seo are operating, and special crackdowns are being implemented in the fall to prevent an increase in safety accidents and preemptive marine accidents due to the increase in the number of users in the fall season.This special crackdown plans to intensively crack down on chronic safety violations along with safety accident prevention patrols in fishing boats' business areas from the 18th to the 31st of October.The main targets of enforcement are ▲violations of safety order (non-wearing of life jackets, overcapacity, drunk driving, etc.) ▲Immigration and departure without a report and false reporting of passengers ▲Security ships and police boxes, maritime traffic control centers (VTS), The plan is to develop a three-dimensional crackdown by mobilizing aircraft.An official from the Yeosu Coast Guard said, “We plan to strengthen the crackdown by intensively deploying security vessels in the densely populated waters of fishing boats, and strictly punish ships that violate safety. do,” he said.




The Incheon Maritime Police Station (Chief Sang-chun Park) issues a coastal accident risk warning system 'Warning' to prevent coastal safety accidents and flood damage to coastal facilities during the Baekjung-sari period from the 12th to the 16th.According to the information on coastal flooding warnings from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the sea level in Incheon is expected to rise up to 963 cm above the basic level during the control period in August.In particular, 'Baekjungsaari', the contrasting period in August, is the time when the height of the high tide is at its maximum around the full moon in July of the lunar calendar. expected Accordingly, the Incheon Coast Guard issues the 'Warning' stage of the risk forecasting system, provides marine safety information on road signs, etc. in cooperation with relevant organizations, and conducts announcements using electronic signs and broadcasting devices at police boxes near the coast, in low-lying areas along the coast and around ports and ports. strengthen patrol.An Incheon Coast Guard official said, “Because the sea level is higher than usual during the contrast period, tidal flats and tidal rocks isolation accidents or damage to ships may occur. We ask for frequent safety inspections.” 





The 1st Marine Division announced on the 24th that it was providing damage recovery support by dispatching the Marine Corps rapid mobilization unit to the areas affected by Typhoon Ohmais, the 12th typhoon in Guryongpo-eup and Janggi-myeon, Pohang City.The area was damaged by heavy rain from the 23rd to the early morning of the 24th under the influence of the 12th typhoon 'Ohmais'.On this day, approximately 1,000 soldiers (cumulative) from two units, including the Marine Corps' quick-activation unit, were put in to support the recovery from the typhoon. Meanwhile, the soil, floating debris, and coastal waste that flowed into the road were cleaned up.The unit is providing support for typhoon damage restoration while devising safety measures, such as educating and emphasizing quarantine rules such as wearing a mask and minimizing contact with the private sector, and educating on cases of safety accidents that may occur between public support to prevent COVID-19.Lieutenant Colonel Yoon Jae-gyu, battalion commander of the rapid mobilization unit, said, “The Marine Corps rapid mobilization unit is ready to go immediately and complete its mission wherever and whenever it is given any mission. In particular, we will do our best to support the local residents so that they can share their pain and return to their daily lives.”








 






Pohang Coast Guard expands and operates visiting coastal safety classes The Pohang Maritime Police Station (Chief Hyung-min Kim) announced on the 19th that it will operate a coastal safety class to visit in 2022 to prevent accidents in the water and spread a maritime safety culture ahead of the peak season for swimming in the summer.The Pohang Coast Guard will start at 10 am on May 19 at Yugang Kindergarten (about 140 people) in Nam-gu, Pohang, and run coastal safety classes for 2,000 people in 20 places including kindergartens and elementary schools in the jurisdiction until August.The Visiting Coastal Safety Class is an educational program where marine police officers personally visit and practice theories and practices such as safety rules for playing in the water, tips for handling marine accidents, how to wear a life jacket, and cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) according to age.The Pohang Coast Guard plans to expand the coast safety class this year not only to Pohang and Gyeongju, but also to residents of inland areas such as Daegu, where there were few opportunities for marine-related education.An official from the Pohang Coast Guard said, “The interest and concentration of students in the coastal safety classroom where marine police officers directly visit the field is very high. We will continue to conduct active, people-friendly administration to spread a maritime safety culture.”







SEOUL -- Female divers, known as haenyeo in Korean, scour the seafloor to harvest a variety of mollusks, seaweed and other sea life from the ocean. Their tool consists of a wetsuit, a diving mask, fins, gloves, chest weights, a weeding hoe and a net attached to a buoy called "taewak" which is an integral part of diving equipment.Female divers living on South Korea's southern resort island of Jeju were listed as UNESCO's intangible cultural heritage in 2016. The island used to have up to 23,000 female divers in 1965, but the number has decreased gradually. Female divers also work in other parts of the Korean peninsula.Without artificial breathing equipment, female divers could stay in the water for up to six hours at a time and dive up to 30 meters (98 feet) deep. They can hold their breath for over three minutes. Originally made of pampas grass and a dried gourd, taewak provides a float on which female divers can rest to catch their breath. Nowadays, the buoy is made from polystyrene foam.The haenyeo culture is on the verge of disappearing gradually despite financial support and other benefits. Most of South Korea's female divers are old and die one by one due to excessive work, ailment and safety accidents. To help reduce haenyeo's safety accidents, Pohang University of Science and Technology (POSTECH), a private research university based in the southeastern port of Pohang, came up with modern devices incorporating advanced IT technology.POSTECH's Sea Grant center, which is committed to developing a skilled marine and coastal workforce, has developed a smart flotation device and a smartwatch to protect female divers from dangerous situations that occur unexpectedly in the sea.The smart flotation device uses underwater cameras and artificial intelligence installed inside to monitor haenyeo's habits or diving areas and send alerts to the outside in case of an emergency. The smartwatch provides crucial information through vibration by identifying haenyeo's diving time, fishing location, the depth of water, and temperatures.There is no doubt that modern equipment will help prevent accidental deaths. However, many female divers adhere to traditional methods.







Pyeongtaek City (Mayor Jeong Seon Jeong) announced on the 9th that it had completed the relocation of the Pyeongtaek Ship, which is being docked at the Pyeongtaek Port New Container Terminal (PNCT), to the waterfront space under the Seohae Bridge. According to the city on the 11th, the city has previously received the 'Pyeongtaek Ship' from the Navy in February 2020 to create a naval publicity hall and marine safety experience hall, and has been stationed at PNCT in Pyeongtaek Port. and the Pyeongtaek Regional Office of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries, the site utilization non-management agency carried out the license and permission for the port development project, completed the civil engineering work on the lower current site of the Seohae Bridge, and moved it on July 9th. With the completion of the relocation of the ‘Ship Pyeongtaek’, the city plans to promote the construction of a maritime safety experience center in earnest, including demolition work, interior work, and swimming pool, to open in March next year.
Meanwhile, the 'Pyeongtaek', with a total length of 86m and a width of 18m, was retired in December 2016 after carrying out ship rescue and towing missions for the Navy. operation, etc. In January 2021, the city selected the Korea Maritime Safety Association as the preferred negotiating partner by publicizing project operators for the project to create a marine safety experience center using the Pyeongtaek ship. A concession agreement was signed for the promotion of a maritime safety experience center creation project, such as a training center, national certification test center (swimming pool), navy publicity center, and 4D navigation experience center.




Set by KoreaA test run of an LPG carrier built by HD Hyundai Heavy IndustriesAn international standard for liquefied petroleum gas-powered ships was approved at the International Maritime Organization’s 107th Maritime Safety Committee (MSC) meeting in London, the United Kingdom, in June.According to sources in the shipbuilding industry on Aug. 10, LPG ship safety guidelines approved by the IMO were based on a proposal made by the Korean Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries in 2019. Korea took the lead in developing standards for LPG-powered ships because its LPG infrastructure is good and in high demand compared to other countries.LPG has come into the spotlight as a bridge fuel to future eco-friendly fuels such as hydrogen and electricity. Compared to conventional vessel oil, it emits less carbon dioxide and nitrogen oxide, and almost no sulfur oxide or fine dust, making it suitable for ship emission regulations. It has high practicality and nice infrastructure compared to other fuels that take time to develop such as hydrogen. It is also easy to store and transport and LPG terminals have been built all around the world.Until now, it has been difficult to build and operate LPG-fueled ships in Korea due to a lack of construction and fuel supply standards for LPG-fueled ships, but with the approval of this international standard for LPG ships, the preparation of domestic regulations for LPG-powered ships is expected to begin in earnest.Kim Eun-jinpr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




The family of Yoo Byung-eun, the late operator of the sunken ferry Sewol, must repay Korea Deposit Insurance Corp. 19 billion won ($16.7 million), a New York state court ruled in November, court records showed Wednesday.The court took side with South Korea’s state-run KDIC, which filed a lawsuit against family members of Yoo, the late chairman of Chonghaejin Marine, to take responsibility for his unpaid debt from the financial crisis in 1997.KDIC redirected the blame to Yoo’s second-eldest son Yoo Hyuk-ki and daughter Yoo Sang-na, following the chairman’s death in July 2014. Yoo was hunted by authorities following the Sewol accident that left more than 300 dead or missing, but he was found dead in a field in Suncheon, South Jeolla Province.(Yonhap)Yoo borrowed a total of 220 billion won from various financial institutions after Semo Group, the now-defunct predecessor of Chonghaejin Marine, went bankrupt in 1997. KDIC compensated the creditors in his place after Yoo claimed he was incapable of repaying his debts.KDIC billed a total of 14.7 billion won to Yoo, including interest, but the former Semo chairman only repaid 650 million won before declaring bankruptcy. He signed a debit note pledging to pay off his debt and 14 billion won was written off upon the request.However, prosecutors found that Yoo had been hiding assets worth more than 1 billion won under borrowed names, including his children, through an in-depth probe involving the Sewol ferry disaster. The KDIC has been pursuing debt recovery since, which eventually led to a lawsuit against Yoo’s two children through the US legal system in 2015.The court ruling is a summary judgment which does not grant KDIC full authority over the amount owed. The state-run institution will have to take further legal steps to fully recollect its debt.Meanwhile, KDIC expects Yoo’s two children to file an appeal.“Yoo Hyuk-ki and Yoo Sang-na hired A-list attorneys to represent them at the summary court and they’re expected to file an appeal,” said a spokesperson for KDIC.Yoo Byung-eun and members of his family have been implicated in the sinking of the Sewol, due to their alleged mismanagement of Chonghaejin Marine and disregard for safety.










Rep. Park Wan-joo “There is not even a crisis response manual right in front of the discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima…” July 4th, IAEA Fukushima contaminated water final report scheduled to be released... Wait for the IAEA report of the NSSC While the Japanese government has been accelerating construction of marine discharge tunnels to release contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant into the ocean since July of this year, it has been confirmed that the Nuclear Safety and Security Commission has not yet prepared a manual for responding to marine radiation in Korea. At the time of the parliamentary inspection of the Ministry of Science and ICT in October last year, National Assembly member Park Wan-joo (Cheonan-eul, 3rd term) asked the Nuclear Safety and Security Commission to prepare a crisis response manual to respond immediately when high-concentration radioactivity is detected in Korean waters in preparation for the release of contaminated water from Fukushima. have urged At that time, Chairman Yu Kook-hee of the Nuclear Safety and Security Commission replied, “I will take the lead in preparing a crisis response manual,” and the content is contained in the 23rd budget bill, supplementary opinion No. 28. In addition, according to the data submitted by the NSSC to the office of Congressman Park Wan-joo in April, the NSSC said, “We plan to complete the preparation of the Fukushima-contaminated marine radioactivity response manual by the end of May.” However, as a result of a recent check in the office of Congressman Park, it was confirmed that a response manual had not been prepared until now, let alone the end of May, ahead of the release of contaminated water from Fukushima. Afterwards, Congressman Park's office urged the completion of the response manual again, but the NSSC only replied that it had not prepared a response manual to reflect the results of the IAEA confirmation monitoring, but remained silent on the timing of completion. In the 2022 over-defense parliamentary audit, TEPCO pointed out the safety of marine discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima, such as selecting it as the cheapest marine discharge rather than a method that secures safety among a total of five nuclear power plant contaminated water treatment methods, such as steam emission and hydrogen emission However, it is questionable when the NSSC will prepare a crisis response manual for marine radiation. Park Wan-joo “Leave Korea’s security to an international organization… I urge you to prepare a response manual immediately.” In response, Rep. Park Wan-joo said, “It is a matter of protecting the territorial waters of Korea and the safety of the people as a top priority. Following the standards and results set by the organization is like entrusting the security of the Republic of Korea to an international organization," he criticized. Rep. Park said, "If the IAEA evaluates that the TEPCO analysis method is appropriate in the final report, it will be difficult for the NSSC to overturn that evaluation." We need to complete a manual that can respond as soon as possible and disclose it transparently to the public.” Meanwhile, the IAEA Fukushima Contaminated Water Final Report is scheduled to be released on July 4th.




SEOUL -- South Korea has launched a state project to develop an eco-friendly and power-efficient hybrid propulsion system for small coastal fishing boats that would generate positive environmental benefits, reduce maritime greenhouse gas emissions and improve the working environment of fishermen. The most probable design is a combustion engine combined with battery power.With an injection of 28.9 billion won ($25.5 million) until 2025, a consortium led by the state-run Korea Institute of Marine Science & Technology Promotion (KIMST) will embark on a project in July to design a new standard vessel that will be powered by a hybrid engine and operates on battery, according to the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries.The exact type of a hybrid propulsion system was not fixed, but what the ministry has in mind the most is not a vessel powered by natural gas or hydrogen. "The new hybrid engine will be a diesel-based engine for safety issues. It is unsafe to use liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) or hydrogen to power small ships because such kinds of fuel are very combustible," Ahn Yong-woon, a ministry official in charge of maritime safety policy, told Aju Business Daily."Also, fuel tanks for LPG and hydrogen are very bulky. It will take up a lot of space inside a small boat," Ahn said, adding fishing boats equipped with a new hybrid engine may use diesel fuel to move and use electric motors while fishing. "We need more research to determine the type of the fishing boat engine because it's very much different from a car's hybrid engine."The International Maritime Organization (IMO), a U.N. Maritime safety agency, has adopted mandatory energy-efficiency measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from ships. Tightened regulations prompted South Korean shipbuilders to research and develop eco-friendly smart ship technologies.Ministry data showed that out of about 65,800 fishing boats in 2019, 37,785 vessels were for inshore fishing with many of them relying on outdated combustion engines and hull construction design. Some 27 percent of fishing boats have been in service for more than 21 years. The second-generation standard fishing boat with improved safety and welfare space for sailors is under development. The ministry would push for the development of hybrid technology based on the second-generation standard boat installed with a new safety system using artificial intelligence to enhance safety.When the project is finished, the marine ministry predicted that up to 30 percent of fuel will be saved and greenhouse gas emissions will be reduced by up to 25 percent.








 






'Warning' issued for risk forecasting in the coastal waters of the East Sea Pohang Maritime Police Station (Chief Hyung-min Kim) issued a warning stage for the coastal accident risk forecasting system from the 25th to the 27th to prevent safety accidents in coastal waters as strong winds and high waves are expected along the East Sea coast.Coastal accident risk forecasting means that when damage is expected due to weather warnings or natural disasters, the risk is classified into three levels: ‘interest’, ‘warning’, and ‘warning’ to inform the public.
Kim Hyung-min, chief of the Pohang Maritime Police Station, said, “For the prevention of marine safety accidents for the public, when a storm warning or swell wave is forecast, the marine weather is very bad, and there is a high probability of a safety accident due to a swell wave in the coastal lowlands or breakwater. We will refrain from entering breakwaters and tidal rocks and actively cooperate with the control of safety personnel,” he emphasized.





2 Missing in Collision of S-N Ships. Updated : 2008-08-12 18:45. Two North Korean fishermen are presumed missing after a collision between a South Korean sand carrier and a North Korean fishing boat 4.9 miles Northeast of Jangjeon Port in the East Sea early Tuesday morning.The Unification Ministry said the cause of the accident has yet to be determined, adding that the South has yet to get information from the North over the accident.``According to the South-North agreement on maritime traffic, one is required to inform the other of an accident in its sea,'' ministry spokesman Kim Ho-nyoun said Tuesday.North Korean Navy boats are searching for the missing crew members, according to military sources. All nine members of the South's ship have been confirmed safe.Regarding whether the North violated the inter-Korean accord or not, Kim took a cautious stance, stressing ``It's not very long since the accident took place, so we are waiting.''The collision between the fishing boat and the 658-ton Dongi No.1, sand excavator with a crew of 10 including its captain, saw no reported casualties but two North Koreans are missing.``Four North Korean crew members were aboard and two were saved by the sand carrier after the accident,'' said the spokesman. ``But the remaining two are missing.''The barge was reportedly docked at Jangjeon Port right after the accident.The Dongi was supposed to return to the Geoje port located in South Gyeongsang Province by 7 a.m. Tuesday via Northern Limit Line (NLL) from North's Goseong port.Asked what caused the collision, Kim said neither the cause nor damage has yet been confirmed.The two vessels were insured and the collision will be dealt with in accordance with international laws, the spokesman added.Seoul officials are afraid the accident may worsen already sour relations between the two Koreas, prompted by the fatal shooting of a South Korean tourist last Month and Seoul's tougher stance toward Pyongyang.Previously, the Hyeonseong, a 1,500-ton sand excavator, collided with a North Korean five-ton fishing boat near Yeonpyeong island in the East Sea on Jan. 15, 2007.Four of the five North Korean fishermen aboard were missing and the boat was returned to the North the next day. Negotiations over compensation are still underway.




INDONESIA SHIP COLLISION
Ship collision in Indramayu

A handout photo made available by the Indonesia Search and Rescue Agency (BASARNAS) shows rescuers prepare for search and rescue operation for victims of a ship collision at a port in Indramayu, West java, Indonesia, 04 April 2021. Dozens of fishermen went missing after the collision between a cargo ship and a fishing boat in waters off Indramayu, BASARNAS said.




[Bloomberg] The US Navy’s deadly collision course. The circumstances of the crash of the USS John S. McCain near Singapore, which killed at least one US sailor and has left nine missing, remain unclear pending a Navy investigation. The bigger picture, however, is already in focus: Four major accidents this year involving ships of the 7th Fleet highlight a systemic problem that imperils American dominance on the high seas.
At any given time, about 100 of the Navy’s roughly 275 ships are deployed. Yet the fleet is half the size it was 30 years ago, meaning the ships are docked for shorter periods before redeploying. The uncertainty caused by so-called budget sequestration has hindered the Pentagon’s long-term planning. All this has made shortcuts inevitable, such as neglecting standard upkeep and putting off some training until after deployment.Such pressure on craft and crew alike takes a toll, and baseline skills such as ship-handling can atrophy. This larger context helps to explain the events of Monday, in which the McCain collided with a petroleum tanker, but there are other factors.Another of the 7th Fleet’s destroyers -- the USS Fitzgerald -- collided with a container ship near Japan in June, killing seven sailors. Both ships had reportedly turned off their identification systems to maintain a military level of stealth, which is typical for a combat ship that wants to see but not be seen. Particularly in the case of the McCain, which was making its way across the most crowded commercial waterway in the world, more visibility can make for greater safety.It has also been reported that the commercial ships in both collisions were operating on autopilot. Especially in the Strait of Malacca, this is an unfortunate break with maritime tradition and common sense. Yet commercial ships, with smaller crews and the need to economize, often cut such corners. The shipping companies need to acknowledge and address this danger -- and if they don’t, their insurers should. (It’s worth noting that the damage to the McCain is on its left-hand, or port, side, strongly suggesting it had right-of-way over the tanker.)With the McCain and Fitzgerald now out of service indefinitely, the 7th Fleet finds itself without two of its seven Arleigh Burke-class destroyers. These are the ships equipped with the Aegis anti-missile systems that would be the front-line defense against a missile attack by North Korea in the region.The Navy has rightly decided to put a temporary pause on operations by the 7th Fleet, with a focus on “trends in personnel, materiel, maintenance and equipment.” Given the pervasiveness of the issues, this shutdown should be extended to its surface ships worldwide. Undoubtedly, some senior officers will find their careers ended. Yet the larger issue will remain: how best to train sailors, and deploy ships, to continue to protect vital US interests in an increasingly threatening environment.





Gunsan Coast Guard focused on 'Typhoon Resistance, Minimizing Damage' From 6 a.m. on the 4th, emergency work in the preparation phase begins… Enhance patrol Reporter Kim Hyun-jong The 4th typhoon 'AERE', which is heading north into the South Sea, is expected to land in Kyushu, Japan on the morning of the 5th, and the Coast Guard is promoting measures to prevent marine accidents.The Gunsan Maritime Police Station in Jeollabuk-do said, "From 6 am on the 4th, we started emergency work in the preparation stage to prevent various marine accidents caused by the typhoon."In particular, as the atmosphere is unstable and the average water temperature rises this year, the frequency of occurrence of localized torrential rains and typhoons is expected to increase.First, the emergency operation system is reorganized so that the station rescue headquarters can be set up quickly, and information on vulnerable seas is shared in real time with on-site departments such as dispatchers and police boxes to check for hazardous elements in advance.In addition, when a typhoon warning is announced, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, departure control is implemented and typhoon-related information is continuously provided to induce fishing vessels to evacuate early.In addition, in relation to the construction of the Saemangeum New Port, safety management for ships will be strengthened, and a communication system will be established between ships evacuating to ports and ports and long-term mooring ships.In addition, when the sluice gate of the Geum River Estuary is opened, it is decided to check in advance the factors that interfere with ship traffic due to the inflow of marine debris, and to thoroughly prepare for the risks caused by the increase in the flow rate of the Geum River Estuary.In addition, the public, private, and military cooperation system will be strengthened by discussing countermeasures with relevant organizations in preparation for a typhoon attack and conducting joint inspections on vulnerable areas.In coastal areas, the danger of typhoons is notified in advance through the issuance of a 'risk warning system' for each safety accident step, and access to dangerous areas such as coastal areas and low-lying areas where flooding is a concern is implemented.Gunsan Coast Guard Chief Kim Chung-gwan (Superintendent) said, "The 4th typhoon 'Airy', which will be recorded as the first typhoon this year, is heading north toward the Japanese archipelago, but in case of an emergency, we are not slowing down and checking the course and responding preemptively." We urge marine and fishermen to conduct safety inspections of ships and facilities from time to time when a meteorological warning is released."Meanwhile, the 4th typhoon 'AERE' is a name submitted by the United States, meaning a storm.Due to the high pressure in the northern part of the West Sea, the high pressure of Airy and the North Pacific Ocean is expected to bring in hot and humid air, and the heatwave with strong sunlight is expected to continue until the 6th.





Pohang City, Homigot Korean Sunrise Festival “Safety is top priority” On the 27th, Pohang City held a final briefing session for the successful hosting of the ‘26th Homigot Korean Sunrise Festival’ presided over by Mayor Lee Kang-deok in the city hall conference room. The briefing session on this day was attended by about 40 officials, including related organizations such as Pohang City departments, Pohang Marine Police Station, Pohang South and North Police Stations, South and North Fire Departments, and event support groups such as the Pohang Youth Chamber, Southern Model Drivers Association, and Marine Accident Rescue Support Group. The final status of the event was checked through departmental countermeasures reports and discussions on collaboration with related organizations and support group officials. According to Pohang City, the Homigot Korean Sunrise Festival, which celebrates its 26th anniversary this year, is a festival that will be held normally for the first time in four years since the coronavirus outbreak, and various programs will be prepared with the theme of dragons to celebrate the Year of the Blue Dragon in 2024. Before and after sunrise, official sunrise events such as North Korean performances, Chinese idioms, New Year's performances, and helicopter congratulatory flights will be held, and there will be various events such as '2024 Tteokguk Sharing' distributed in the form of meal kits and 'Homigot Market' that will warm up the cold wave with experience programs and food. Side events are planned. In particular, container booths were installed throughout the event venue to enhance safety against strong winds compared to previous events, and drones are used to identify and manage crowded areas in real time. In addition, we plan to focus on safety management for each sunrise location by operating a safety joint situation room between related departments and organizations at major sunrise attractions in Pohang, including Yeongildae Beach, including the Homigot event site. Mayor Lee Kang-deok said, “As many sunrise tourists are expected to visit Pohang, we must make thorough preparations to prevent even a single safety accident, and at the same time prepare a variety of sunrise contents to enhance the event.”




President Yoon Seok-yeol orders to "mobilize all manpower and equipment to extinguish" the fire at Seocheon Market in South Chungcheong Province.Emergency instructions to the Minister of Public Administration and Security and the Commissioner of the National Fire Agency... "We are also thorough in the safety of firefighters who are engaged in search and rescue."-kihong Kim reporter. On the 23rd, President Yoon Seok-yeol issued an emergency order regarding the fire at the Seocheon Fishery Products Market in South Chungcheong Province, saying, "Do your best to extinguish the fire by mobilizing all available manpower and equipment."President Yoon gave this order to the Minister of the Interior and Safety and the Commissioner of the National Fire Agency after receiving a report that a fire broke out in Seocheon Market the previous day and was being extinguished, Presidential Office Spokesperson Kim Soo-kyung said in a written briefing. President Yoon emphasized, “Make every effort to search and rescue to prevent casualties, but also pay close attention to the safety of firefighters.”The fire broke out at Seocheon Market, Seocheon-eup, Seocheon-gun, Chungcheongnam-do, at 11:08 the night before, destroying 227 stores and causing no casualties. Seocheon Market opened in September 2004 as a modern, medium-sized traditional market equipped with various convenient facilities and handles marine products, agricultural products, and household goods.




On the 22nd, Kim In-chang(Supervisor of Public Safety), head of the Seohae Regional Coast Guard, inspected the safety management situation in sea areas prone to coastal accidents and the World Jamboree site in Saemangeum.
 
On this day, Commissioner Kim visited the Byeonsan Police Station of the Buan Coast Guard in Jeollabuk-do in the form of an initial visit, listened to the business status, and held a meeting to encourage the employees' hard work and listen to their difficulties.
 
Afterwards, they moved to Gyeokpo Port and had time to check the safety conditions of the marina, mooring facilities, and small fishing boats, as well as the status of safety facilities. "The mission of the Korea Coast Guard is to create a safe sea so that the public can use the sea safely," he said. "The first step is to prevent marine accidents rather than responding after accidents.
 
At the same time, he ordered, "Make every effort to preemptively manage safety, such as controlling ships based on accurate weather analysis and identifying overloaded ships that cause danger, so that there is no risk exposure to citizens visiting Gyeokpo Port and nearby beaches and tourist destinations."
 
He also moved to Haseo-myeon, the site of the 25th World Scout Jamboree in Saemangeum in 2023, and asked, "Please do your best to prevent accidents through preemptive safety management such as strengthening preventive activities and patrols so that the Jamboree, which is called the Cultural Olympics as a global youth festival, can be safely and smoothly and successfully completed."
 

Meanwhile, Kim In-chang, a Jeju-born superintendent of peace, graduated from Mokpo Maritime University, Dongguk University, Department of Law, and Yonsei University Graduate School of Public Administration.




 






Buan Coast Guard urges vessel operators to conduct safety checks So far this year, 24 water leisure equipment accidents have occurred Reporter Kim Hyun-jongAs a result of analyzing the current status of water leisure equipment accidents that occurred over the past three years, it was found that accidents were concentrated in summer and fall, and water leisure equipment accounted for 18.4%.Jeonbuk Buan Marine Police Station said, “Over the past three years (2020-2022), there have been a total of 83 water leisure equipment accidents within the jurisdiction, of which 35(42%) occurred in the fall season (September to November), and so far this year. “Out of a total of 24 water leisure equipment accidents, a total of 8 (33%) occurred in September and October,” it was announced on the 25th.Looking at the accidents by type, ▲ Engine failure = 15 cases(62%) ▲ Fuel exhaustion = 3 cases(13%) ▲ Flooding = 3 cases(13%) ▲ Sinking = 2 cases(8%) ▲ Minor contact = 1 case(4%) etc.In particular, it was analyzed that most accidents, such as engine failure and fuel depletion, could be prevented through thorough safety inspections and pre-departure inspections.In fact, at around 7:39 am on the 25th, an accident occurred where leisure boat A (0.65 tons) drifted due to a propeller failure in the sea about 6 km east of Hawang Island.After receiving the rescue report, the Coast Guard dispatched rescue boats from the Wido Police Station and Byeonsan Police Station to the scene, confirmed the safety of the five crew members, confirmed that there was no other damage other than the propulsion failure, and took on a safety management mission to ensure that the towing vessel could enter Gyeokpo Port. carried out Prior to this, at around 6 a.m. on the 22nd, a tugboat and a 7.93-ton fishing boat collided in the sea 1.6km east of Sangwangdeungdo Island in Wido-myeon(32km from Gyeokpo Port). Four people were taken to the hospital in cardiac arrest and 14 people suffered minor injuries. happened.In this accident, the fishing boat capsized and the crew fell into the sea, but all 18 people were found wearing life jackets and none of them were missing. All were rescued by nearby fishing boats and the Coast Guard. The Coast Guard urgently formed an investigation headquarters to investigate the captain and the Coast Guard. We are investigating the exact circumstances of the accident while keeping all possibilities open to the rescued crew members.Buan Marine Police Station Chief Seong Seong-ju(Chief Inspector) said, "Whenever we analyze marine accidents every quarter, many accidents are caused by human factors such as 'insensitivity to safety' and 'carelessness of ship workers', which are pointed out as the main causes before departure." "You can enjoy leisure activities safely at sea if you go through a thorough verification process, so please check and confirm regularly for safety."He added, "We will do our best to prevent accidents by mobilizing all available forces during the vulnerable early morning hours, including intensive management of sea areas where fishing boats and water leisure equipment are concentrated."







(Seoul = News 1) Reporter Kang Min-kyung = After the war between Israel and the Palestinian militant Hamas, Yemen's Houthi rebels, supported by Iran, are attacking commercial ships one after another in the Red Sea.

Accordingly, MSC and others in Switzerland, the world's largest container shipping company, have announced that they will temporarily suspend operations through the Red Sea. They will make a detour to the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa to avoid the Suez Canal.

Yemen's Houthi rebels, who support Hamas, have attacked vessels with any connection to Israel among those entering and leaving the Suez Canal in the name of responding to Israeli attacks on Gaza.


According to Reuters, MSC said its Liberia-registered cargo ship Palatium 3 was attacked by a drone in Yemen's Babelmandev Strait on the night of the 15th, and that some ships would choose to return to the Cape of Good Hope rather than the Suez Canal.

The MSC explained that no injuries were reported in the attack, but the ship was suspended due to some fire damage.

The U.S. military said another Liberian ship, the Hapak Lloyd Al Jasra, was struck by a missile.

Danish shipping company Maersk has also suspended all container ships through Babelmandev until further notice.

Ships are operating in Egypt's Suez Canal, where traffic has resumed due to the support of the super-large container ship Ever Given, which was stranded on the 30th (local time). ⓒ AFP=News1 ⓒNews1 Reporter Udon Myung

Ships are operating in Egypt's Suez Canal, where traffic has resumed due to the support of the super-large container ship Ever Given, which was stranded on the 30th (local time). ⓒ AFP=News1 ⓒNews1 Reporter Udon Myung
French shipping company CMA CGM has also joined the move. "The situation is getting worse and there are growing safety concerns," CMA CGM said in a statement.

German shipping company Hapag Lloyd could do the same, Reuters said.

The Babelmandev Strait, which connects with the Suez Canal, is a major maritime transport route in the world. It accounts for about 30% of maritime container traffic and about 12% of goods trade. It is also a passageway for crude oil and natural gas produced in the Persian Gulf to be exported to Europe and North America.


Yemen's Houthi rebels are carrying out civilian ship attacks here as a protest against Israel's attack on Gaza.

Reuters said Yemeni Houthi rebels have now begun talks with "international parties" with neighboring Oman as a mediator over operations in the Red Sea and the Arabian Sea. The Houthi rebels have not yet disclosed the identity of the parties involved in the talks and have not said where or when the talks took place.

Meanwhile, the U.S. Central Command said that the guided missile destroyer Kani shot down 14 drones fired by Houthi rebels in the Red Sea on Wednesday morning. All were unilateral attack drones, and no damage was done to the vessel.

Houthi rebels said they were only targeting ships bound for Israel, but Palatium 3 and MSC ship Alanya were listed as destinations by Jeddah in Saudi Arabia.

Meanwhile, war risk insurance premiums for ships passing through the Red Sea have risen significantly, Reuters said. This incurs tens of thousands of dollars in additional costs for the seven-day voyage.




From the 16th to the 18th, a promotion was held at the Aeon Group Market in Japan, Asia's largest distributor... The popularity of local Jeonnam abalone resulted in the intention to import 500 tons per year. (Muan = Break News) Reporter Haksu Lee = South Jeolla Province is actively expanding overseas exports to escape the crisis of abalone farming, which is suffering due to an increase in abalone harvest and a decline in prices due to a decline in consumption of marine products. Jeonnam Province announced that it held an abalone promotional event in Japan for three days until the 18th with Cheongsan Sea Co., Ltd., Asia's first ASC-certified abalone export company, and True World Japan, the largest seafood distributor in Japan. ASC certification is an international certification granted by the Aquaculture Management Council, headquartered in the UK and the Netherlands, to farmed marine products raised with environmental and social responsibility. Cheongsan Sea Co., Ltd. received certification in 2018. This promotional event was held simultaneously at 80 Aeon Mall food markets (60 in Tokyo and 20 in Osaka) operated by Aeon Group, Asia's largest distribution company, to commemorate Japan's Respect for the Aged Day holiday. At the promotional event, to promote abalone from Jeonnam, they sold it at a discount, distributed souvenirs, and presented various dishes using abalone. At the event where a large number of people gathered, Manager Matsumoto, who oversees the distribution of marine products within the Aeon Group, attended in person and showed great interest in distributing ASC-certified abalone from Jeonnam. Wi Ji-yeon, CEO of Cheongsan Sea Co., Ltd., said, “The proactive introduction and application of ASC certification by Jeonnam abalone fishermen served as an opportunity for us to enter the Aeon Group market.” He added, “We will continue to expand the number of ASC-certified abalone fisheries to further expand the number of abalone from Jeonnam.” “We will increase export competitiveness,” he said. At a local promotional event, True World Japan, which has been importing and distributing about 300 tons of abalone from Jeonnam annually, also announced its intention to expand imports to 500 tons. Shin Woo-sun, CEO of True World Japan, said, “Japan produces mostly wild abalone, so it is expensive and recently there are concerns about food safety.” He added, “Through this promotional event, we will increase the import of abalone from Jeonnam, which is not only price-competitive but also relatively safe. “We will expand,” he said. Shin Hyeon-gon, International Cooperation Officer of Jeonnam Province, said, “The recent decline in abalone prices could paradoxically be an opportunity to expand exports.” He added, “At a time when concerns about the safety of marine products are growing worldwide, we need to actively promote the safety and excellence of Jeollanam-do abalone to expand overseas exports.” “We will support various local promotional events,” he said. In order to expand exports by promoting overseas consumption of abalone, Jeonnam Province is promoting the 'Abalone Export Expansion Overseas Promotion Support Project', which supports 10% of the abalone export amount by the end of the year for local promotional event costs for abalone exporting companies and overseas buyers. . Applications can be made through the Jeonnam Provincial Export Information Network website.




CHINA-GUANGDONG-SHIPS-COLLISION (CN). GUANGZHOU, Nov. 27, 2017 (Xinhua) -- Rescuers work at the accident site where two cargo ships collided off the coast of south China's Guangdong Province, Nov. 27, 2017. A bulk ship carrying 5,000 tonnes of sand sank in the sea waters near the Pearl River estuary after colliding with a ship loaded with 5,038 tonnes of steel at about 3 a.m., said the Guangzhou maritime search and rescue center. Two crew members from the sunken ship have been rescued but the rest 12 remain missing. Eleven sailors from the steel ship have also been rescued.




PHILIPPINES ACCIDENTS FERRY COLLISION

A handout photo dated 2013 and released by the 2GO Group Inc., on 18 August 2013, shows the ferry ship MV St. Thomas Aquinas photographed in Manila, Philippines. Divers on 18 August retrieved bodies from a sunken ferry in the central Philippines, bringing to 37 the death toll in the accident, the military and coast guard said. Eighty-two people were still missing and feared trapped inside the MV St. Thomas Aquinas ferry, which sank on 16 August after colliding with a cargo ship off the port of Cebu province, 580 kilometres south of Manila.




NAPA announced that it participated in the ‘23rd International Marine, Shipbuilding, Offshore, Oil & Gas Exhibition (KORMARINE 2023)’ held at BEXCO in Busan for 4 days from Tuesday, October 24th to Friday, 27th.Napa is a leading maritime software and data services provider for ship operation and design with over 30 years of experience. Headquartered in Finland, it combines expertise in naval architecture, fleet operations and digital services to conduct research and development to enable safe, sustainable and future-ready transportation.At this exhibition, Napa actively promoted solutions for ship operation and design.First and foremost, Napa leads sustainable and safe maritime operations through solutions for ship operations. It can take safety, fuel efficiency and sustainability to the next level, while providing actionable insights that deliver cost savings of up to 30%.The solutions for ship operations are △NAPA Fleet Information △NAPA Navigation Optimization △NK-NAPA GREEN Class △NAPA Stability △NAPA Emergency Computer △NAPA Logbook.An official said, “Safety, fuel efficiency, and eco-friendliness are key priorities for today’s ship owners, operators, and shipbuilders,” and went on to further emphasize that, “As the maritime industry is facing pressure to decarbonize, it is important to optimize ship efficiency and minimize risks.” .At KORMARINE 2023, Napa actively promoted solutions for ship operation as well as ship design. | Photo - Aving NewsNapa's solution for ship design in action | Photo - Aving News Napa's solutions for ship design support 3D modeling and design capabilities that optimize the design process. We combine comprehensive ship design knowledge and extensive technical capabilities to ensure that the ships our customers design are safe, competitive, and maximize performance.Accordingly, by using a purpose-designed 3D model, more accurate results can be obtained in the early stages of design, and by organizing design information into a single 3D model, human errors can be prevented when updating and/or changing the design, thus allowing users to experience improved design quality.
In addition, the company said, “The shipbuilding industry is designed in compliance with complex rules and regulations of international standards. The core of our business is providing support for these related rules.” Further stating, “We provide analysis of data collected for ship operation and help designers design ships more appropriately for use in the real world.”Continuing with, “The shipbuilding and marine industry is facing a variety of challenging problems,” and “NAPA can compensate and respond to problems through software, as well as provide significant insight and help to those involved in the shipbuilding industry to grow to the next level.” It was elaborated.Meanwhile, the International Marine, Shipbuilding, Offshore, Oil & Gas Exhibition (KORMARINE) is an exhibition that has grown along with the domestic shipbuilding and maritime industry over the past 40 years. KORMARINE 2023, co-hosted by Busan City, the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy, Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency, Korea Shipbuilding and Offshore Plant Association, Korea Shipbuilding and Marine Equipment Industry Cooperative, Lead K Fairs Co., Ltd. and BEXCO, focused on domestic and overseas shipbuilding, offshore plants and marine energy, showing off cutting-edge equipment and new technologies.




SEOUL, Sept. 1 (Yonhap) -- South Korea will "strongly" file a complaint against Japan with the U.N. maritime safety agency if Tokyo does not follow its original plan regarding the release of contaminated water from its crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant, Seoul's oceans ministry said Friday.Last week, Japan began discharging radioactive water from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant, which was crippled by a massive 2011 earthquake and tsunami, into the sea.All eyes are on whether the issue will be discussed during next month's meeting on the London Convention and Protocol framework under the International Maritime Organization (IMO).South Korea has called for discussions on the potential impacts of the release on the marine environment under the framework, while Japan has refuted the call, claiming that such a discharge should not be seen as an act of marine dumping."The government is reviewing details and strategies regarding the possible discussions. We will strongly file a complaint with the IMO or seek other international dispute settlement tools if Japan carries out the release in a different way from its earlier promises," Vice Oceans Minister Park Sung-hoon said during a regular briefing on the Fukushima issue.According to a document drawn up after a Protocol meeting in 2022, the IMO said it is "not certain" that a broad interpretation of the London Protocol would consider that such a disposal would fall within the scope of the treaty, and member nations differ on the interpretation.The London Convention, which has been in force since 1975, is meant to promote the effective control of all sources of marine pollution and to take steps to prevent marine pollution by the dumping of waste and other matter.In 1996, the London Protocol was agreed in order to modernize the Convention, and it prohibits all dumping, with some exceptions.IMO Secretary-General Lim Ki-taek told a press interview in Seoul in June that parties concerned can discuss policy measures on the Fukushima issue during upcoming meetings, and the IMO, apart from that, is reviewing what it can do.







 






Korea's finance minister has once again said  Hyundai Merchant Marine will be forced to seek court receivership,  if the shipping company fails in negotiations with the owners of its chartered fleet on rate reduction.After a meeting with economy related ministers on Thursday, Yoo Il-ho   also said he would wait and see what the ship owners and Hyundai come up with, as the talks are ongoing.Just yesterday, the shipper and its creditors and ship owners met with the goal of slashing charter rates, but were unable to reach agreement.The government, which runs the company's main creditor Korea Development Bank, has set a deadline for finishing talks that expires Friday.The finance minister added the government will work on preempting any possible financial instability that could be triggered in the process of corporate restructuring  and build a social safety net for the inevitable job losses.







 










Yeosu Gwangyang Port Authority (corporation) announced on the 22nd that it has completed the registration of a patent for a ‘marine safety mattress’ for the protection of workers at a port construction site, a first for a domestic port.According to the corporation, the patent is obtained through joint research with R&D company Smart Air Chamber Co., Ltd. for worker protection measures against secondary underwater accidents (accidents caused by algae and obstacles) that can lead to serious disasters when workers at the port construction site fall at sea. it was developed Vice President Choi Sang-heon (Head of Development Business Division) said, “We expect ‘ZERO’ of port industrial accidents at port construction sites through the expansion of application of maritime safety mattresses.” I will do my best for you,” he said.




A Marine who died, swept away by the current, while searching for people missing after the downpour in Naeseongcheon River in Yecheon, Gyeongsangbuk-do was transported to the Pohang Naval Hospital. As a helicopter carried him off to Pohang, his fellow Marines saluted him and sent off their colleague, who had completed his final mission.
According to the Gyeongbuk Fire Service Headquarters, Private A of the Marine Corps 1st Artillery Battalion was covered in a Taegeukgi and transported to the Pohang Naval Hospital on a helicopter at around 12:45 a.m. July 20. Private A was found on the right side of the river 400m downstream from Gopyeong-daegyo Bridge in Naeseongcheon River at 11:08 p.m. July 19. A drone operated by the Gyeongbuk 119 Special Response Unit identified Private A in his red shirt during a nighttime search, and the search team recovered his body. Private A’s family, who had stayed near the search site, also left for the hospital. Reportedly, A’s family lamented saying, “Company Commander, if only you had him wear a life vest, he would have lived...” Private A was dispatched to the site of a flood in Yecheon on July 19. He went missing after being swept by the current at around 9:05 a.m. Wednesday while searching for missing persons in Naeseongcheon River. The accident occurred when the soldiers were searching for missing persons using probes in the river. At the time, the water came up to somewhere between an adult male’s knee and waist. Three soldiers, including A, fell when the ground suddenly gave way, but two of the soldiers managed to swim to safety. The Marine Corps has come under fire for dispatching soldiers to the search site without proper protective gear such as a life vest.
The Marine Corps announced that they would conduct a general inspection on the safety of the troops dispatched to flood recovery operations and make improvements.




Interview with Dr. Arjun Makhijani Radionuclides invisible to the human eye are dumped into the sea. The ocean has the resilience of diluting the waste to some extent. But what if that waste is dumped for a long time and spread over a large area? What if the lifetime of radionuclides is much longer than humans imagine? Through the food chain, these substances accumulated in living things will reach humans who are fed by the sea. It will be more fatal for vulnerable people such as children. There are no studies examining the long-term effects of such radionuclides on marine ecosystems and humans. Isn’t it strange that you are not anxious?Research and discussions by scientists and experts groups on the radioactive contaminated water at the Fukushima nuclear power plant revolve around all these things that go beyond human intuition. Ordinary people have no choice but to pay attention to their views. Many scientists from the International Atomic Energy Agency(IAEA), Tokyo Electric Power Company(TEPCO), and Korean inspection teams are absorbed in this issue. However, it is difficult to see that all of them are fully trusted by citizens. It’s not about their sincerity or ability. Distrust in the nuclear field is more deeply rooted than any other field. This is because there is a history of many accidents being covered up and data being manipulated. That is why the voice of an independent scientist who has spoken with a sense of responsibility is important.This is why we paid attention to the views of Arjun Makizani, an American nuclear engineer. After more than 50 years of nuclear research, he analyzed data from Fukushima contaminated water samples as part of an Expert Panel for the Pacific Islands Forum, which is composed of 18 pacific island countries. The Panel has held several meetings with TEPCO and the IAEA so far. He did not exaggerate the threat of contaminated water. Nor did they say that there was a perfect, risk-free solution. However, he pointed out the problems with TEPCO’s marine discharge plan and said that there are better alternatives. If the IAEA only applies their safety guidelines with proper manner, the current radioactive contaminated water discharge plan should be put on hold. The interview was conducted through several e-mail exchanges from May 21st to 29th.-Japan takes issue with the fact that only Fukushima radioactive contaminated water should not be discharged for the reason of tritium in a situation where there is a lot of tritium in nuclear power plants in other sites. Isn’t there a fundamental difference between the radioactive water from accident nuclear power plants and ordinary nuclear power plants?“As it stands it carries a huge load of radionuclides because the water contamination results from cooling molten fuel. This is fundamentally different from nuclear power plant discharges which are either of primary reactor water which is filtered of radioactive contamination routinely and contains only trace amounts of radionuclides other than tritium or spent fuel pool water, which is basically similar. In these routine cases, the cooling water is separated from the fuel which contains fission products by the fuel rods and the ceramic fuel pellets themselves. The cooling water does not come into contact with fission products, uranium, plutonium, etc.Reactor primary water radioactivity contents are well known. This is not the case with the water in the tanks at Fukushima. The Expert Panel has pointed out numerous times that it is essential to get much better knowledge of the radioactivity concentrations and amounts before starting ALPS processing of the tank contents. But the IAEA and TEPCO believe that this is not necessary. The Expert Panel has pointed out that a variety of factors such as the presence of sludges in some tanks and the high variation in strontium-90/cesium-137 ratios that is still unexplained requires thorough knowledge of the source term.”-Why is it important to have much better knowledge of contaminated water BEFORE ALPS treatment?
“It is important to know what will be the varieties of input to the ALPS system; that way the ALPS system can be tested with the different types and concentrations of radionuclides. Two examples:As the Expert Panel has noted, the ratios of strontium-90 to cesium-137 vary by tens of thousands of times. Will the ALPS system be able to handle the variety of inputs in a single pass? When the Expert Panel has raised this question, we have been told both by TEPCO and the IAEA that this doesn’t matter. If the treated water does not meet the decontamination criteria, then it will be processed again. How many times? We have been told it will be processed as many times as necessary. This is not a scientifically or operationally sound way to proceed. Repeated treatment would mean increasing the time over which discharges would occur, increasing the cost, and potentially finding the ALPS system is not adequate to do the job for some parts of the water to be treated. Then what?Many tanks contain sludges. TEPCO has admitted that the tanks in the initial years up to 2013 or 2014 contain sludges. Pumping out the water from these tanks could result in particulate loading of the water going into ALPS. This could prevent ALPS from functioning properly, or perhaps from functioning at all. So far as the Expert Panel has been given to understand, the ALPS system has not been tested with this water. It is essential that it be tested to know if it will function and what modifications may be needed if it does not.
It is a very elementary scientific and operational principle that you should know the inputs to your system and test it for those inputs. In my view, it is imprudent and risky to put it off to sampling post-treatment. What has been shocking to me is that the IAEA has gone along with TEPCO and has not requested, much less insisted, that the contents of the tanks be well understood and the ALPS system be properly tested with that knowledge.”-How well do you think ALPS is working?
“ALPS is a complex system. It has not worked uniformly well in the initial years and then until 2018. Its testing has been very limited. Its response to suspended particulates from tanks containing sludges has not been tested so far as the Expert Panel’s information goes. This is different from routine discharges from nuclear power plants where the filtration systems are well tested for the purpose and the source term is reasonably well understood and the amounts measured and reported in annual environmental reports to the NRC. Even this system could use improvement, but that is a story for another day.It is true that if ALPS works as TEPCO anticipates and the remaining water is diluted, then the remaining water will contain mainly tritium and traces of radionuclides. However, variety of radionuclides, including plutonium isotopes, strontiuim-90 and cesium-137 are present greater in the Fukushima water. A great deal depends on how well the ALPS system will work; it needs to be tested more intensively. In any case, the fact the other countries are doing it does not justify TEPCO doing it. In my analysis, dumping tritium-contaminated radioactive water into the oceans creates transboundary harm, including to non-nuclear power countries, which receive no benefits from the power. Thus it does not meet the justification requirement of IAEA’s General Safety Guide 8 (GSG-8) whenever there is transboundary harm. Japan’s NRA is obliged to take this into account. So should the IAEA.“-Did you just term it as ‘dumping tritium-contaminated radioactive water’ into the oceans?
“Yes, please note that I use the word “dumping” to describe the TEPCO plan advisedly, with the precedent of the title of the London anti-dumping convention: “Convention on the Prevention of Marine Pollution by Dumping of Wastes and Other Matter 1972”. You can call it “releases” or “discharges” when done via a pipe as have become the official custom, despite the treaty. But if you put the radioactive waste in a barrel, go out to sea and throw it overboard, it would technically be called “dumping.” In my view, putting radioactive waste into the ocean via a pipe does not change the reality that it is dumping. So we should call it that and be clear with the public what is actually proposed even though the pipe, or tunnel in this case, is out of sight. What TEPCO proposes is most accurately described as dumping of ALPS-treated radioactively contaminated water. Calling it something else does not change that reaility.”-In the case of the Indian Point nuclear power plant in the New York State, which is being decommissioned, it is not an accident nuclear power plant, but the plan to discharge contaminated water was recently put on hold. It looks like the result of the political world responding to pressure from civil society. It is of course different from the Fukushima case in that it is not an accident nuclear power plant and it would not have immediate international cross-border impacts for now. But could it still have any implication on the Fukushima case?“It does have implications for Fukushima in many ways. The U.S. government is going along with the TEPCO dumping plan. But for Indian Point, public pressure has put the dumping on hold. It is my understanding that in addition to any review by the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the State of New York will do its own environmental review on which the public will have a right to comment. A permit, or modification of an existing permit, is also be to needed from the U.S. EPA. All this has happened even though the amount of water and the amount of tritium involved is much smaller at Indian Point. The parallel of State of New York review would be if the local prefecture were to do its own review of the TEPCO plan and allow public input, including from fishing communities. It is also very interesting that Japan’s Ministry of the Environment EPA appears to have no real authority on the TEPCO plan. The U.S. EPA has wide authority on clean water issues.”-Some nuclear experts like Kang Jung-min, former NRC chairman of South Korea who often works with Frank Von Hippel of Princeton, suspects that Japanese government intends to show that tritium is safe with the discharge plan, before it starts operating Rokkasho plutonium reprocessing facility in Aomori. Do you think that he has a point?“I have not thought about this, but it is quite possible that this may be one of the motives. Even if it is not an explicit motive, proceeding with the Fukushima dumping will set a precedent for Rokkasho and open the way for an even larger ocean contamination problem.”-You have been studying the issue of radiation exposure from nuclear weapons explosion tests in the Pacific Islands region done for a long time. It would be difficult to simply compare the two issues. But don’t you think that one country’s actions, be it nuclear weapons or power plants, would be the same in violating the well-being of not only the marine ecosystem but also the people of many other countries who depend on it. In any case, can the discharge of contaminated water from a nuclear power plant be viewed as a less worrisome issue than a nuclear weapons test in terms of radiation exposure?“Of course, nuclear weapons testing created vast physical damage to several countries in the Pacific region, released vast amounts of radioactivity. The radioactive, social, economic and health damage from that continues. I think it is improper to compare the testing, which should never had been done in non-nuclear countries, if it had to be done at all. The TEPCO plan would add insult and injury to past insult and injury. To say that this injury and harm would be smaller cannot justify it. It is on top of existing injury. The logic of adding to existing injury is the same as that which is used to dump more pollution and waste on communities that are already over-burdened with harms and pollution.”-Then what is your alternative?“Those who create the pollution should be responsible for it. What is specially shocking to me in this case is that the Expert Panel has proposed an approach that would avoid transboundary harm - treat the water with ALPS and then make concrete with it. TEPCO has refused to consider it. They even incorrectly stated in our last meeting (in April 2023) that they had already considered such a plan. But they have not. The TEPCO plan was to mix UNTREATED water with cement for disposal in soil. The Expert Panel proposal is to treat the water first. The tritium contaminated radioactive water is used to make concrete with low potential for human contact. That option, concrete with treated water, would produce essentially zero public doses since tritium beta particles would not penetrate out of the concrete. It would also avoid ocean pollution with radioactivity.”-There seems to be inherent limitations of the IAEA, which aims to promote the nuclear power industry while keeping the safety of nuclear power plants.“The IAEA does have a clear mission conflict when it comes to nuclear power. Director General Grossi essentially endorsed the TEPCO plan in April 2021 even before the water Task Force had been formed, saying that such discharges were being done by countries with nuclear power “under firm regulatory control”; on that basis he pronounced the plan as “technically feasible.” Yet he also said it was “unique and complex” If it was unique and complex, how did he decide it was technically feasible before a single visit to Fukushima to evaluate the plan against IAEA guidelines had been done? Why is it that GSG-8 transboundary considerations have not been taken into account? Indeed, the transboundary aspect of GSG-8 is not mentioned in IAEA mission reports and the entire discussion and assessment since 2021 has been to review the matter accepting that the dumping will occur. Keeping radiation doses low has only been considered in this context. In fact, GSG-8 requires that doses be kept “as low as reasonably achievable” (ALARA). They would be essentially zero with the Expert Panel option of making concrete with low human contact potential. The U.S. NRC requires consideration of alternatives as part of ALARA evaluation. The IAEA has not. Nuclear power promotion and regulation were separated in the United States in the 1970s, partly because of a major safety-related scandal in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Now, promotion is in the Department of Energy and regulation is in the NRC. By this measure, the IAEA charter requiring it to promote nuclear energy is not well suited to the present situation. Making a determination that the dumping was not justified would impact other countries that are also releasing tritium to the oceans including the United States, France, Britain, and South Korea among others. The IAEA appears reluctant to do so even to the extent of sidelining its own guidance in GSG-8.The present situation with Fukushima is unique; it is the result of a massive multiple meltdown accident. The IAEA could still choose to take GSG-8 and transboundary issues into account and then consider how to extend the lessons to other countries. But it has given no indication of doing that. It is missing a major opportunity to show that it can separate its nuclear power promotion from its safety and ecological guidance.”-South Korean President Yoon Suk-yoel often says that if we leave it to IAEA, which is a fair and objective rule-setter/manager on the matter, it will be a scientific verification of safety of the water discharge, and you just have to accept it. What do you think is the problem of the statement?“This is a very limited statement which is a problem from the safety point of view, especially for transboundary issues. It accepts the dumping of radioactive water as a given and considers “safety” in that context. But IAEA’s GSG-8 requires safety to be considered in the context of justification - which the TEPCO plan fails - and optimization, which requires consideration of ALARA and alternatives that could reduce dose below the TEPCO plan if they are technically feasible. This requires the Expert Panel suggested concrete option to be evaluated by Japan’s NRA. The IAEA should have insisted on it. It has failed to do so; on the contrary Director General Gross endorsed the plan in concept even before any evaluation visits, which have been confined to issues within the framework of the TEPCO plan and not GSG-8. This is most unfortunate.”-What motivated you to come up with the idea for the book published in 2007? To what extent do you think the direction of the energy policy proposed in the book was accepted in the United States?“This is explained in the preface to the book. Nuclear power takes very long, is costly, and makes long-lived fission products and plutonium, which can be used in weapons, if separated - as indeed Japan, France, and some other countries have done. It creates present and intergenerational security and environmental issues that are very serious. Every 1,000 MW light water nuclear power reactor creates about 30 nuclear bombs worth of plutonium every year.
One reason to urgently address the greenhouse gas problem is that we should not be enjoying the use of fossil fuels while our children and grandchildren and future generations have to deal with the huge costs of severe climate change. The issue with nuclear is similar. We should not be enjoying the use of nuclear energy while leaving the problems of plutonium and long-lived radioactive wastes and long-lived contamination from fission products and uranium mining and milling wastes to future generations. So I looked at whether it was possible to conceive of an energy system without fossil fuels and nuclear. Since 2007 I have done a lot more work on this issues. Given the low cost of solar and wind, the declining cost of storage and smart grid technologies, like vehicle to grid and highly efficient heat pumps, a transition to a fully renewable and efficient energy system is possible. My detailed work with hour-by-hour modeling was published in 2016: Prosperous, Renewable Maryland.”-The Korean team has just returned from Fukushima. They have yet to report to Korean parliament. One thing seems to be apparent: they didn’t pay much attention to the water tank before ALPS treatment. I think that the Korean team doesn’t want to go beyond the IAEA mission area. Would there still be a constructive role for them to play?“It is interesting that they talked about “a situation of anomaly” ? which appears to mean a situation in which the ALPS system does not work. But what the Expert Panel has been saying is that it is too late at that point. The time to make sure it works against the variety of situations that may be encountered is now. I cannot tell from this brief report whether that question was raised but it appears not to be. It is a stretch to call a brief visit “an inspection.” You cannot call it an inspection of ALPS functioning if it is not testing the tank contents of difficult tanks like the ones with sludges or high strontium/cesium ratio s , during the visit, take input and output samples and have them independently analyzed in third party laboratories. Without that kind of process, a claim of inspecting t he purification system is not operationally meaningful. So it will be interesting to hear the detailed explanation of what was done to make this visit an actual inspection. I’d be happy to elaborate further after the official explanation is provided. It would be unfortunate if they did not go beyond the IAEA’s approach, which is very limited and has not considered the transboundary implications in the GSG-8 framework. The IAEA not examining those implications is mysterious because in its February 2023 slide deck (attached in pdf form) the IAEA says that GSG-8 is one of the relevant standards that should be applied to this case (see slide 48). So if the Korean team were to take that at face value, then it should examine the justification and optimization criteria from the point of view of Pacific region countries; that is, after all the most important aspect for Korea and Pacific Island Forum members. Let’s see what is said in the report to Parliament. If GSG-8 is not included, perhaps this omission will be remedied during the South-Korea-PIF summit.”-After the report and suggestions of the Pacific Islands Expert Panel, including you, awareness of this issue has increased among citizens around the world, including Korea. In fact, there are no people who are directly affected by this release as much as the citizens of the 18 Pacific Island Countries. Later this month, the first summit of the Korea-Pacific Islands Forum will be held in Seoul. What kind of agreement do you hope to reach at this meeting regarding the Fukushima contaminated water issue?“I think my answers above indicate what I think should be done. The PIF and Korea can ask the IAEA to do a GSG-8 evaluation regarding justification from a transboundary perspective and optimization from and ALARA perspective.”-Thank you for joining us.“It was a lot of questions, but they are important ones and it is my pleasure to answer them for you. This is such an important moment.”







The Japanese government is releasing Fukushima contaminated water into the sea despite opposition from Japanese fishermen's groups. Greenpeace harshly criticized the Japanese government's irresponsible behavior, which could lead to an irreversible disaster. It also overlooked the potential risk of cross-border damage caused by the release of radioactive pollutants and warned the South Korean government of aiding and abetting its failure to exercise the rights of neighboring countries guaranteed by international law to prevent the release. The South Korean government's attitude toward Fukushima-contaminated water shows the nuclear plant-first thought that neglects safety. The marine discharge of radioactive waste generated by nuclear power plant accidents is unprecedented on the planet and can pose a serious risk to the marine ecosystem and the safety of humanity. It is an act that threatens the right to live of residents of Pacific coastal countries as well as Japanese fishermen, and is also a violation of international maritime law. The Japanese government and Tepco argue that discharging contaminated water is essential for the decommissioning of the Fukushima nuclear power plant, and that there is no suitable alternative other than discharging it. However, this is nothing short of acknowledging to himself that the nuclear decommissioning project is virtually failing. The Japanese government claims that the discharge of Fukushima contaminated water will resolve the problem of contaminated water, but hundreds of thousands of tons of contaminated water will inevitably occur even after the discharge. Discharge of contaminated water is not for decommissioning, but is just a poor choice to save money incurred by long-term storage of existing contaminated water. As of August 3, 2023, the contaminated water stored in the Fukushima tank amounted to 1,343,227㎥. It is contaminated water that has already been treated more than once through the Multi-Nucleus Treatment Facility (ALPS). However, even if Tepco explains, about 70% of them have to go through reprocessing at least once due to limitations in ALPS processing capabilities. This proves that the performance of ALPS is so uncertain. Scientists point out that the biological impact of tritium, carbon-14, strontium-90, and iodine-129, which will be released together during the discharge of contaminated water, has not been properly evaluated. Despite knowing this, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) tolerated the issue on the grounds that it was not within the scope of Tepco's request for review, and effectively approved Japan's plan to discharge contaminated water through a report. In the end, the Japanese government's "science" was only used to favor Japan's argument, and it guarantees nothing to protect human health and safety. Members of the U.N. Human Rights Council and U.N. special rapporteurs have also made clear their critical stance, opposing Japan's discharge plan. Japan's discharge of contaminated water violates UN Human Rights Council Resolution 48/13, which states "the right to live in a clean, healthy and sustainable environment as a fundamental human right," and violates the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS). The United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea stipulates that a comprehensive environmental impact assessment should be conducted if marine discharge can cause trans-border damage. The neighboring South Korean government can never be free from responsibility for the human catastrophe caused by the discharge of Fukushima contaminated water. The Yoon Suk Yeoln government is carrying out nuclear power projects in earnest, and because of various advantages in this regard, it is acquiescing to Japan's irresponsible actions. On the contrary, neighboring countries Russia and China have asked for reconsideration as air discharge in opposition to the discharge of contaminated water. Islands along the Pacific Ocean are expressing concern that it is irresponsible, warning that emissions will affect human health and the global environment. The discharge of Fukushima contaminated water is not all visible. The weapon called "science" used by Japan can never guarantee the survival and prosperity of mankind. We should all never overlook this point.




Also on the local front.More words of government reassurance for the public here regarding the safety of domestic seafood.At a related briefing on this Monday the Office for Government Policy Coordination revealed that additional radioactivity assessments up until last Friday showed all 21 selected seafood products in their production stage were safe.Also 75 more products in their distribution stage last week were assessed to be safe to consume.The Office also pointed out that existing regulations against imports of Japanese seafood products have been in place in light of concerns following the earlier destruction of the Fukushima nuclear power plant and are not related to Japan's upcoming discharge of radioactive wastewater.




The 2023 Korea Marine Safety Expo will be held at BEXCO Exhibition Hall 1 from the 4th to the 6th of next month. This year's Korea Marine Safety Expo, held four years after the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic, will begin with an opening ceremony at 2 p.m. on September 4 and include Marine Safety and Accident Prevention Promotional Exhibition Marine (Shipbuilding) Safety Technology and Equipment Industry Exhibition Marine Safety Expo It consists of various programs such as safety conference, export consultation for overseas buyers, and job consultation. The ‘Marine Safety and Accident Prevention Promotion Exhibition’ introduces the latest policies related to marine safety, and allows visitors to directly experience virtual reality (VR) safety education and rescue safety. The ‘Marine (Shipbuilding) Safety Technology and Equipment Industry Exhibition’ displays various marine safety equipment and equipment, including marine (shipbuilding) safety, communication, marine rescue, fire and extinguishing, work safety, and environmental pollution prevention. At the ‘Marine Safety Conference’, in-depth information sharing will take place on marine safety, which has recently become an issue around the world, such as maritime safety, seafarers’ human rights, and marine pollution. In addition, a large number of maritime (shipbuilding)-related buyers from each country are expected to attend the ‘Overseas Buyers Export Consultation’ held for two days from September 5 to 6 during the Expo period, sponsored by the Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency (KOTRA). Detailed information about the event and how to register in advance can be found on the Expo’s official website (www.kmse.co.kr). You can enter quickly and easily on site by pre-registering through the Expo website, and for pre-registration by groups such as schools, please contact the Expo Secretariat.




South Korea has embarked on an autonomous ship project by investing 160 billion won ($130 million), seeking to boost the domestic eco-friendly and smart shipping industry and achieve a 50 percent global market share by 2030.The Industry Ministry and the Oceans Ministry announced Wednesday that the project they are jointly pursing has passed the preliminary feasibility studies.The project aims to develop key technologies related to autonomous navigation and system autonomy while laying the foundation for early commercialization.The allocated funds will be invested over six years from 2020 to 2025. Of this, the government has set aside 119 billion won and the rest will be spent by private shipbuilders, including Hyundai Heavy Industries, Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering and Samsung Heavy industries.The four main goals of the project are to develop an intelligent navigation system, engine automation system, construction of autonomous ship performance center and development of operation technology and standardization.It aims to develop an intelligent system capable of autonomous navigation, integrated platform to control engine room, collision and accident prevention, situational awareness and decision making.The autonomous vessel will incorporate technologies such as internet of things, big data and artificial intelligence, according to the ministries.By combining future technologies, the project intends to develop a level 3 (L3) autonomous operating vessel by 2025. According to the International Maritime Organization, L3 ships are remotely controlled without a crew, while level 4 is a fully autonomous ship.“With autonomous cruise ships, companies are expected to improve the economies of scale and safety by exploring the optimal routes and preventing accidents due to human negligence,” said Yoon Sung-hyuk, chief of the Industry Ministry’s shipbuilding & offshore plant division.The shipping companies can reduce operating costs by up to 22 percent by saving on fuel costs and reducing maintenance time. Also, about 80 percent of marine accidents are due to human negligence, according to the ministry.According to India-based research firm Acute Market Reports, the global ship and related equipment market is expected to reach $155 billion by 2025 when autonomous ships become commercially available.“If the nation secures competitiveness by developing related technologies preemptively through this project, Korean firms are expected to have a 50 percent market share in the global autonomous cruise ship industry by 2030,” Yoon said.The two ministries are planning to carry out demonstrations using various types of ships for the successful development and operation of autonomous vessels. They plan to pursue international cooperation, including technology development, certification, testing and international standard with Norway, which has a competitive edge in related fields.




To Survive Order DroughtAn official of Samsung Heavy Industries (right) pose for a photo with a representative of Norwegian-German ship classification company DNV-GL after receiving a smart ship technology certificate on CO2 emission regulations (MRV & DCS) on March 28.The three major Korean shipbuilders are making all-out efforts to develop technology for eco-friendly and smart ships.Demand for eco-friendly ships is forecast to balloon as the International Maritime Organization's strong greenhouse gas emissions regulations are to go into effect next year.The three shipbuilders are intensively carrying out research and development on smart ships based on new technologies such as the internet of things (IoT).Samsung Heavy Industries announced on Sept. 26, that it has obtained a basic approval for a fuel cell-powered Aframax crude oil carrier from Norwegian-German ship classification company DNV GL.A basic approval is a procedure to verify the technical integrity of a ship's basic design. By receiving an official certificate for the vessel and technology, Samsung Heavy Industries has become able to start order-taking activities for fuel cell-powered tankers on a full scale.Fuel cell-powered vessels are eco-friendly vessels that increase power generation efficiency and dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions by replacing current generator engines with solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC) engines running on liquefied natural gas (LNG).Replacing a 3 MW generator engine of an Aframax crude oil carrier with a fuel cell engine can reduce greenhouse gas emissions by more than 45 percent. This can produce the same effect as removing greenhouse gas emissions from about 10,000 cars powered by internal combustion engines.Samsung Heavy Industries has improved system stability through joint research with Bloom Energy that commercialized SOFCs for the first time and developed core processes such as a fuel supply system and a power control system for fuel cells. SOFCs make it possible to use not only LNG but also hydrogen as fuel. Shipbuilding experts say that Samsung Heavy Industries secured foundational technology for building a hydrogen fuel cell-powered ship without any greenhouse gas emissions.Hyundai Heavy Industries Group has begun to localize materials for a fuel tank for an LNG-powered ship in cooperation with POSCO. The shipbuilder announced on Sept. 26 that POSCO's 9 percent nickel steel was applied to a fuel tank for a 180,000-ton LNG-powered vessel, leading to the localization of core materials for cryogenic tanks and stabilizing the supply of cryogenic tanks. An LNG-fueled bulk carrier loaded with this kind of LNG fuel tank will be delivered to client H-Line Shipping in November 2020.So far, Hyundai Heavy Industries Group has received 9 percent nickel steel from overseas steelmakers, but will gradually increase the localization rate of core materials starting with this contract with POSCO. Nine percent nickel steel is a material that can maintain excellent strength and impact toughness even in a cryogenic environment (-163 degrees Celsius).Daewoo Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering (DSME) teamed up with Hyundai Merchant Marine, Korea's only oceangoing shipping company, to develop smart ship-related technology. On the same day, the two companies signed a joint smart ship research agreement. Under the agreement, they will push forward with cooperative activities by jointly zooming in on research on the internet of things (IoT)-based real-time service and land platforms for fleet operation, the development of a ship material warehouse automation system and economic operation solutions.Meanwhile, in the first eight months of this year, global ship orders added up to 13.3 million standard cargo equivalent ton (CGTs), down 43 percent from last year's 22.31 million CGTs, Clarkson Research said. "The only way to survive the current global order drought is to develop and secure unrivaled technology," said an official of the shipbuilding industry.Michael Herhcontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




3 migrant sailors missing after fishing boat collision
Posted : 2018-07-26 16:47
Updated : 2018-07-26 18:38

Two South Korean fishing boats collided off the southeastern coast of Hokkaido, Japan's northernmost island, Thursday, leaving three foreign sailors missing.

The collision took place around 6:20 a.m. when one of the boats – the 101 Geumyang-ho heading north toward Russian waters – collided with the 803 Tongyeong-ho and sank, about 600 kilometers southeast of Sapporo, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said.

A total of 38 crew members – seven Korean and 31 foreign sailors – were on board the two ships.

Thirty-five were rescued by nearby ships but three migrant sailors still remain missing.

"The rescued sailors are all in good health, and we have notified their families of the incident," a ministry official said.

The Japanese maritime authorities have dispatched a 1,300-ton patrol ship to search for the missing, according to the Maritime Police.




SEOUL, Oct. 5 (Yonhap) -- South Korea will continue intensive radiation tests on domestic and imported seafood as Japan began the second phase of the discharge of contaminated water from its crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant into the ocean on Thursday, the oceans ministry said.Japan began to release wastewater again from the Fukushima nuclear power plant, which was crippled by a massive 2011 earthquake and tsunami, into the Pacific Ocean earlier in the day, following the first phase of discharge in August and September."The government carried out more than 14,000 rounds of radiation tests on seafood, which already surpassed our goal for this year, and all the products met our safety standards," Vice Oceans Minister Park Sung-hoon told a regular press briefing on the Fukushima issue.Under the intensive testing scheme, the ministry carried out tests on more than 8,000 samples of seafood at the production level so far this year, including more than 1,500 cases among cultured fishery products and nearly 1,000 samples from deep-sea fishing.It also conducted over 5,500 tests on marine products at local markets, as well as a total of 3,869 rounds of radioactivity checks into over 17,000 tons of seafood imported from Japan this year by end-September, according to the ministry."We will continue to carry out seafood radiation checks thoroughly and make all-out efforts to ensure the safe management of seafood," he added.An official checks radiation levels of fish to be sold at a fish market in the southeastern city of Daegu on Aug. 28, 2023. (Yonhap)In August, the ministry began a 100-day intensive inspection into the marking of country of origin for imported seafood products.The Seoul government banned all seafood imports from eight Japanese prefectures near Fukushima in 2013 on concerns over their radiation levels in the wake of the 2011 meltdown incident, and vowed to keep in place the import curbs until public concerns are all eased.
The ministry has also strengthened seawater radiation tests by doubling the number of coastal spots in territorial waters and more distant areas to over 200 this year, and plans to take samples from 243 locations next year, Park said.South Korea's imports of Japanese seafood hit the lowest level in two years in August, according to government data.Environmental activists stage a rally in Seoul on Oct. 5, 2023, to express their objection to Japan's discharge of radioactive water from the crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant into the sea. (Yonhap) Meanwhile, the oceans ministry said it will raise the Fukushima issue during the upcoming session on the management of radioactive waste of the IMO's consultative meeting on the London Convention and London Protocol.The 18th IMO meeting is taking place from Monday for a five-day run in London, and the Fukushima issue is expected to be on the table on Thursday (local time).
"We will once again stress the need to deal with the wastewater discharge in a safe manner in accordance with international standards and procedures to preserve the marine environment," Park said. "We will prioritize the health and safety of our people in managing the issue."South Korea has called for discussions on the potential impacts of Japan's wastewater release on the environment within the London Convention and Protocol framework.But Japan has refuted the call, claiming that such a discharge should not be seen as an act of marine dumping.The London Convention, which has been in force since 1975, is meant to promote the effective control of all sources of marine pollution and to take steps to prevent marine pollution by the dumping of waste and other matter.In 1996, the London Protocol was agreed in order to modernize the Convention, and it prohibits all dumping, with some exceptions.Member nations also differ on the matter, as the IMO said in a 2022 document that it is "not certain" that a broad interpretation of the London Protocol would consider that such a disposal would fall within the scope of the treaty.





AT SEA CHINA OIL TANK COLLISION

Burning oil tanker sinks off China's eastern coast

A handout photo made available by the Transport Ministry of China on 15 January 2018 shows rescue workers operating on the Panama-registered tanker 'Sanchi' after a collision with Hong Kong-registered freighter 'CF Crystal,' off China's eastern coast, 13 January 2018. Reports state Iranian oil tanker 'Sanchi' sunk after a collision with a merchant ship around 296km off the coast of Shanghai. Thirty-two crewmen, including two Bangladeshis, were onboard the oil tanker carrying 136,000 tons of Iranian crude oil, that caught fire since the collision with the CF Crystal cargo ship on 06 January.




Incheon Coast Guard conducts emergency rescue of 9 drifting ships in Daemyeong Port and conducts national safety inspection of marine facilities -Break News Incheon Reporter Park Sang-do.The Incheon Maritime Police Station recently rescued and moved nine ships moored at Daemyeong Port in Gimpo-si, Gyeonggi-do to a safe place after the mooring line broke.According to the Incheon Coast Guard, at around 4:06 pm on the 13th, the military base near Daemyeong Port received a report that a ship was drifting, and dispatched a coastal rescue boat to the Daemyung Police Box to identify 9 ships, including ship A (9.77 tons), which were drifting toward Ganghwa Bridge. To prevent secondary accidents, Daemyung Police Station contacted the local safety management and fishing boat owners and captains to safely rescue and move the drifting vessel to Daemyung Port, and there was no human or material damage.In particular, there were a lot of reefs in the saltwater channel of Ganghwa Bridge, which almost led to a major accident, but the Coast Guard was able to prevent secondary accidents such as marine pollution accidents. The Coast Guard believes that the ships drifted because the mooring line was cut due to the rapid current during the Baekjungsaari period, when even the sea level rises to the maximum.An official from the Incheon Coast Guard said, “Special caution is required as safety accidents such as drifting and flooding may occur in ships moored during the contrasting period such as Baekjungsaari.”In addition, the Incheon Maritime Police will conduct a national safety inspection for 59 days from the 17th to the 14th of October to check the preparedness and response posture for pollution accidents targeting marine facilities and cargo handling facilities in Incheon.For this maritime facility national safety inspection, a joint team of related organizations such as the Incheon Maritime Police Station, Incheon Regional Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Office, and Incheon City Hall was organized to ensure that 30 large oil storage facilities with a high risk of large-scale marine pollution accidents are berthing at 30 large oil storage facilities with a high risk of large-scale marine pollution accidents and ships of 50,000 tons or more. A total of 42 sites, including 12 possible cement and coal loading and unloading facilities, will be inspected.Major items to be checked include whether the emergency pollution plan for marine facilities is implemented, confirmation of the results of self-safety inspection, the status of prevention of unloading and scattering of cargo at sea, and prevention and management of self-pollution accidents.In particular, we plan to check whether or not improvements have been made on matters pointed out by the National Safety Team, and continue to manage non-improved business sites until they are completed. Meanwhile, the Incheon Coast Guard contributed to the prevention of accidents by improving 39 cases of detection and detection of 32 oil storage and loading and unloading facilities through the national safety inspection last year.Kim Jong-pil, head of the Marine Pollution Control Division, said, “We will do our best to prevent pollution accidents through joint inspections during the national safety inspection period, and work hard to establish a safety culture by strengthening voluntary safety management in the workplace.”




The Minsaeng Party held a press conference on the 23rd at 11 am in front of the Peace Girl Statue in front of the Japanese Embassy in Seoul during a protest visit to the Japanese Embassy in Korea regarding the discharge of polluted water from Fukushima, Japan. The conference was attended by Su-bong Lee, Emergency Response Committee Chairman Kim Jeong-ki, Secretary General Hwang Han-woong, spokesman Park Jeong-hee, spokesman Yang Gun-mo, chairman of the city and provincial party, and government officials from the Central Party.In an interview, Lee Su-bong, chairman of the Emergency Response Committee, urged, "I condemn the second imperial invasion. The Japanese government should withdraw the decision to release contaminated water at the Fukushima nuclear power plant, and share with neighboring countries the status of the removal of harmful radioactive isotopes remaining in the contaminated water. did.Chairman Lee said, “On October 27th, the Japanese government intends to officially determine the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant to the Pacific Ocean. In the wake of the response from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) that the discharge of contaminated water in April this year conforms to international practices, it seems clear that the decision to release contaminated water will be carried out with confidence. “Summing up the information from the Japanese government, The logic to enforce the decision to release is made up of two axes. One pointed out that'it is safe to discharge,' and the other is'the limit of the capacity of contaminated water storage tank'.“If “marine creatures” could speak, the Japanese archipelago would have already been surrounded by marine life. We cannot lose the preciousness of everyday life with fish on the table. Be grateful for the “nature's work” performed by the rich diversity of humans, microbes, plants and animals. “We must not repeat the folly of realizing the value after losing.” “The decision to release contaminated water at sea is an obvious violation of Article 194 of the Convention on the Law of the Sea. It is clear that the Japanese government is responsible for the enforcement of the release decision. He said, “We will help us, even if we are small, in joining forces with the unspeakable marine creatures, the workers in the related industries of both Korea and Japan, and conscientious citizens who want to preserve the “valuity of everyday”.” The following is the full text of the press conference.
Minsaengdang Party's Emergency Response Committee Chairman Lee Soo-bong press conference Only after losing it, I realize the truth of the old saying that realizes its importance. The corona 19 epidemic crisis that has hit the world teaches how precious the “everyday” we have enjoyed. They express gratitude for the importance of the work and labor of ordinary people who support their daily lives while preventing total paralysis.A beep is ringing telling you not to repeat such stupidity. On October 27, the Japanese government intends to officially determine the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant to the Pacific Ocean. Given the response from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) that the discharge of contaminated water in April this year is in line with international practice, it seems clear that the decision to discharge will be carried out with confidence.Putting together the information from the Japanese government, the logic to enforce the decision to release discharge has two pillars. One is'it is safe to discharge', and the other is'the limit of the capacity of contaminated water storage tanks'. Let's take it one by one.The Japanese government claims that most of the harmful radioactive isotopes have been removed while first purifying radioactive contaminated water using equipment called ALPS. Only about tritium, which can cause damage to the human body such as apoptosis and reproductive function, remains, but it has a short half-life and the characteristic of tritium that cannot pass through the human skin.It is by far difficult to trust. For two reasons.First, tritium is not the only radioactive isotope remaining in contaminated water purified using multi-nuclide removal equipment. There is only one tritium. Isotopes such as carbon (C)-14, strontium (Sr)-90, cesium (Cs)-137, and iodine-129 remain in the purified contaminated water. These elements have a much greater affinity than tritium for seabed sediments and marine organisms such as fish. It is potentially dangerous to humans and the environment in a much longer and more complex way than tritium.This was also revealed in the results of an internal Japanese investigation. In 2018, TEPCO's own survey found that in 80% of the purified contaminated water, cesium-137, strontium-90, and iodine-129, which are harmful to the human body, were found above the standard.Second, even if it is within the Japanese government's allowance for release of radioactive materials, it is very insufficient to ensure the safety of marine ecosystems, marine life, and human food. In the case of tritium, the Japanese government's maximum allowable emission is 60,000 becquerels (the number of times radionuclides decay per unit time). However, in the standard food safety standard of the International Food Standards Committee (CODEX), the level allowed for adults is 10,000 baccrels, which is about a sixth level.In addition, given the fact that the half-life of radioactive isotopes other than tritium is much longer and the affinity that accumulates in marine organisms is much higher, the risk of ultimately damaging the human body through the food chain cannot be ignored.There are already concerns from the international scientific community about the Japanese government's move to focus only on tritium. In a paper titled ``Opening the floodgates at Fukushima'' published in the renowned scientific journal Journal Science last August, Dr. Ken O. Buesseler of the Woodshall Marine Research Institute, Massachusetts, pointed out: did. He is a scientist who has been studying the spread of radioactivity from the Fukushima nuclear power plant to the Pacific Ocean since 2011. Was the first to study whether to take.“Focus on tritium in tanks that store contaminated water is ignoring the presence of other radioactive isotopes in contaminated water. The first step (prior to the decision to release contaminated water at sea) is to clean up these additional radioactive contaminants remaining in the storage tank. The next step is to create a plan based on what remains. In the case of ocean discharge options, independent groups are needed to track all such potential sources of pollutants in the ocean, undersea layers and marine life. The health of the oceans and the livelihood of many people depend on it.”The Japanese government's explanation that storage capacity is reaching its limit is no excuse. Currently, there are 1,000 storage tanks, and if 135 to 165 tons of contaminated water are stored a day, the storage capacity is expected to be exhausted in the summer of 2022. If it is not enough, it is enough to build a new one. This should be done until sufficient “cleaning” of radioactive isotopes in contaminated water has been achieved through information sharing with neighboring countries and joint efforts to resolve the problem. If cost is an issue, you can honestly ask the international community for assistance. Compared to the potential risks to marine ecosystems, marine life and humans that the cheapest ocean releases bring, they are much cheaper. It is not a matter of building national pride.We plead fervently to the Japanese government. It is strongly urged to withdraw the decision to release contaminated water at sea, share information with neighboring countries, and take joint action to resolve it. If the ocean discharge of contaminated water is decided on the basis of ‘inexpensive’, it is like a confession that the Japanese government has learned no lessons from the coronavirus outbreak.If “marine creatures” could speak, the Japanese archipelago would have already been surrounded by marine creatures. We cannot lose the preciousness of the daily life of fish on the table. Be grateful for the “nature's work” performed by the rich diversity of humans, microbes, plants and animals. Don't repeat the foolishness of realizing the value after losing.The decision to release contaminated water at sea is an obvious violation of Article 194 of the Convention on the Law of the Sea. It is clear that the Japanese government is responsible for the enforcement of the release decision. We will do our best to join forces with unspeakable marine creatures, related industrial workers in the two countries of Korea and Japan, and conscientious citizens who want to preserve the “valuity of everyday life”.Finally, I can't help but say a word to the ruling party. In August of last year, the Democratic Party criticized the Japanese government's attempts to release contaminated water at sea, using the harsh term “environmental terrorism”. Compared to that time, now it is almost the level of dumb eating honey. Did you have a mental line? I urge you to respond sanely to this issue alone.






Hyundai Glovis has set up a dedicated logistics system for the marine transportation of electric vehicles (EVs) to cope with the growing number of EV deliveries globally.
The logistics company said the system, which prioritizes safety, will be used for the loading, shipping and unloading of EVs. "EVs need special care unlike internal combustion engine vehicles because the battery cells are installed lower in the vehicle," said the company in a release on Wednesday. "The company believes a customized system is necessary to handle EVs." The new system starts by identifying EVs on shipping requests so they are loaded on to the ship with special care. Information from the shipper, such as the state of the battery, will be shared through the logistics company's customized internal system. The battery and the vehicle’s condition will be monitored on a regular basis during travel, according to the company. The data will be shared with the shipper along with temperature and humidity on deck. Hyundai Glovis also set up an accident and emergency correspondence manual in regards to EVs and mandated emergency training at least once a quarter. The company expects the manual will be especially helpful for small and mid-sized EV manufacturers as they lack experience in logistics.
Hyundai Glovis, 4.88 percent owned by Hyundai Motor, has been keen on updating its logistics process to better cater to deliveries of EVs and their batteries. Early this year, the company earned a patent on a container that is dedicated to carrying used batteries from EVs. The patented container can be reconfigured so that different types and sizes of batteries from different EV models can be shipped. The container is more optimized for stacking, according to Hyundai Glovis, increasing the number of batteries that can be carried on an 11-ton cargo truck from five to 17. Last year, the company said it carried 180,000 EVs, or 40 percent of global EV shipments.








The Central Coast Coast Guard announced on the 27th at 2:00 p.m. that it had held a ‘wide area maritime search and rescue technical committee’ to prevent maritime accidents in the summer when typhoons often occur.According to the Central Coast Guard, the regional maritime search and rescue technical committee was attended by 15 organizations and organizations, including Incheon Metropolitan City, Gyeonggi-do, Incheon Regional Office of Oceans and Fisheries, Pyeongtaek Regional Office of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries, and Korea Maritime Transportation Safety Authority.At the meeting, discussions focused on exchanging marine rescue technology information, establishing cooperative relationships with related organizations in preparation for typhoons, and checking disaster prevention measures.This wide-area marine search and rescue technical committee proceeded with analysis of cases and current status of marine accidents in the typhoon and humidity, explanation of marine accident countermeasures caused by typhoons, announcement of typhoon disaster prevention measures by related organizations and organizations, and discussion of cooperation and requests.At this meeting, Superintendent Kim Tae-hwan, head of the rescue and safety department of the Central Regional Coast Guard, said, “In order to prevent maritime accidents caused by typhoons in advance, it is most important to establish a prompt cooperation system between various agencies and organizations such as the Korea Coast Guard, local governments, Korea Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Administration, and firefighting. “Let’s try to minimize typhoon damage by establishing an organic cooperation system through today’s technical committee meeting,” he said.On the other hand, the Central Regional Coast Guard is doing its best to prevent marine accidents, predicting that there is a high possibility of typhoons going north in the central West Sea due to climate warming and high sea water temperature.









Extending Help to Quake VictimsKorean companies are working hard to help Turkey and Syria, which were hit hard by massive earthquakes. They are continuing to donate money and deliver relief goods for earthquake recovery and rescue work in Turkey.On Feb. 10, Samsung Electronics decided to provide a total of US$3 million in cash and in-kind support to help the earthquake victims in Turkey. It will donate US$1.5 million in cash to the Disaster and Crisis Management Agency of Turkey and another US$1.5 million in relief goods, includin portable ultrasound diagnostic devices needed at disaster sites, electric home appliances for temporary accommodations for victims, digital educational tablets for children of families affected by the disaster, and vehicles for home appliance repair services.Hyundai Motor Group will provide relief donations worth US$2 million to Turkey and Syria. The donations will be delivered through the Korean Red Cross and used for local relief activities and recovery from damage. In addition to the donation, Hyundai Assan Otomotive Sanayi (HAOS) in Turkey is providing emergency support. It will provide a total of 500,000 euros of in-kind support, including 250,000 euros worth of lifesaving equipment such as cutters and grinders necessary for rescue work at buried sites, and 250,000 euros for daily necessities such as food, sanitary products and winter goods.SK Group has decided to provide US$1 million in support on Feb. 10. This support fund will be used for the procurement and delivery of relief goods and rescue and relief activities in earthquake-hit areas in Turkey.LG Group will donate US$1 million to the Korean Red Cross. The donated money will be used for the restoration of affected areas and support for the victims through consultation with the Turkish government. Along with this, LG Electronics' Turkish subsidiary also delivered its own relief funds for the earthquake victims through the AHBAP, a local non-profit relief organization.POSCO Group decided on Feb. 6 to donate US$1 million to the Korean Red Cross for emergency relief of the earthquake victims.Lotte Group donated US$500,000 through the Community Chest of Korea, and Lotte Chemical’s Turkish subsidiary decided to provide donations and goods worth US$100,000.KEPCO and its electric power generation affiliates also decided to help the victims by raising 1 billion won in disaster relief funds.Support with equipment for earthquake damage recovery is also continuing. On Feb. 8, Doosan Group provided Doosan Bobcat construction equipment worth US$1 million to help with relief and recovery activities at earthquake-stricken sites in Turkey. HD Hyundai also provided 10 medium-sized excavators for earthquake damage restoration work.HL Group donated US$300,000 in relief money to a local relief organization. Hyundai Marine and Fire Insurance donated US$100,000 in relief funds through the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).Amorepacific Group and Krafton have also decided to donate US$100,000 each for relief activities. KT&G provided 300 million won in emergency support funds through the Korean Red Cross.E-Land Group has decided to provide 62,000 emergency relief goods including coats and thermal underwear worth 2.3 billion won. BYN Black Yak Group also prepared 100 million won worth of winter clothes such as outerwear, T-shirts, and pants for damaged areas of Turkey and delivered them to those suffering from the disaster through Korean Embassy in Turkey. Kolon Group provided its own products (tents and others) worth 330 million won.Jung Suk-yeepr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




PHILIPPINES FERRY COLLISION OIL SPILL

A Filipino father and his child walk past a bunker oil fuel slick believed to have come from the sunken ferry, MV ST Thomas Aquinas, after it was washed ashore along the mangroves of Cordova town, Mactan Island, Cebu province, central Philippines, 19 August 2013. Emergency workers were trying to contain an oil spill from the sunken ferry using chemical dispersants because the sea was too choppy to install booms. Rescuers prepared to dive in rough seas in the central Philippines to search for more than 80 people missing and feared trapped in the sunken ferry, the coast guard said. Bad weather brought on by a tropical depression has been hampering the search operations in Cebu province, 580 kilometres south of Manila, where the MV ST Thomas Aquinas sank 16 August after colliding with a cargo ship. The confirmed death toll rose to 34 after two more bodies were recovered from the sea, according to the provincial disaster management office. The ST Thomas was carrying more than 800 people when it collided with the cargo ship MV Sulpicio Express 7, whose 38 crew members were unharmed.




Campaigns Launched to Reduce Wastes and Carbon EmissionsIncheon Mayor Park Nam-chunIncheon City, the third-largest in South Korea, is emerging as a global city. The following is Business Korea’s recent interview with Incheon Mayor Park Nam-chun, who became the seventh mayor in July 2018 in the city where he was born. – Ed.COVID-19 is still ongoing. How is the city dealing with the pandemic?Incheon has fought the pandemic by proactively coping with it. At present, the city is an exemplary model in the metropolitan area, where a large number of infections were reported recently.The Research Institute of Public Health and Environment of the city has been at work around the clock in that quick testing is what is most important. We quickly tested citizens in potential infection areas and the results of the tests were derived and confirmed without delay.The institute conducted more than 160,000 tests in the past one-year period. The number is larger than most of those of the 17 public health and environment research institutes across the country.The first city government-level COVID-19 command center in South Korea was established in Incheon. In addition, a department for infectious disease control was set up in the city government for a more systematic response.The Incheon Medical Center is currently taking care of COVID-19 patients only. It has increased the number of its nurses by about 80 to that end. The city signed MOUs with regional hospitals to forestall any lack of medical personnel.Some are mentioning the necessity of a dedicated infectious disease hospital near Incheon International Airport. What do you say?We all felt that we need more public hospitals to fight infectious diseases. This is because approximately 90 percent of infections from abroad have passed through Incheon International Airport.Incheon is the very quarantine frontline of South Korea and, as such, a public general hospital in Yeongjongdo, the location of the airport, to treat infectious diseases is essentially required. We already suggested this at a presidential meeting last year.Incheon Mayor Park Nam-chun discusses COVID-19 response measures with city officials on Jan. 24.How is the pandemic situation contributing to the biotech industry of Incheon?Contactless living has become a new way of living. Under the circumstances, we are in the middle of a sea change both socially and economically.Incheon is planning to launch smart tourism and smart city platform projects based on digital twin, GIS, and so on so that industrial and administrative opportunities can be found.At the same time, the city will do what has to be done for Songdo to further refine itself as a leading biotech cluster. The industry is emerging fast as a new growth driver of the city, and we are about to finish our preparations to accelerate the growth of the industry.This year, action plans will be implemented to that end and the examples include the construction of an engineer training center and projects for domestic material procurement.Is the 10 percent cash back of the Incheon Ieum Card scheduled to continue this year?Yes, it is. The city has maintained the cash back incentive since the outbreak of the pandemic, and it will continue to assist small business owners, promote consumption and contribute to an economic recovery.Specifically, 50,000 won is returned from an Ieum Card payment of 500,000 won and this is equivalent to an annual subsidy of 600,000 won. As of the end of last year, more than 1.38 million citizens were using the local currency and the cumulative settlement was 4.4 trillion won.What are included in the city’s tasks in the environment field?Incheon is in pursuit of an eco-friendly transformation based on its Green New Deal Projects.Landfill shutdown and recycling facility construction are important indeed. However, what matters more is each citizen’s effort to reduce wastes. Carbon reduction is also very important as a way of responding to climate change.Every public institution in Incheon launched recycling expansion and waste reduction campaigns at the beginning of this year so that disposable products are no longer used in the city.In addition, Incheon will turn itself into a carbon-neutral city for climate change response. We joined the Powering Past Coal Alliance last year and will achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050. Our plans also include research and governance establishment for marine waste reduction and marine pollution prevention.Incheon Mayor Park Nam-chun (fourth from right in the front row) poses for a photo with officials from Incheon Free Economic Zone Authority, Incheon Technopark and Yonsei University to celebrate the central government's decision to set up a biotechnology engineer training center in Incheon on Jan. 15.The construction of the Yeongjong-Cheongna-Songdo Bridge finally began on Dec. 22 after 14 years of waiting. How will the toll be determined?We are currently discussing the matter and our current stance is to provide it free of charge for Yeongjong and Cheongna residents. The toll will be moderate and reasonable in view of various traffic conditions and situations.What is Incheon’s plan on the Seohae Nambuk Peace Road?The construction of the first section of the road from Yeongjongdo to Shindo began on Dec. 27 last year.The 4.05 km-long section from Yeongjongdo to Shindo-ri, Bukdo-myeon, Ongjin-gun, including a marine bridge and access roads, will be opened in December 2025.The bridge between Yeongjongdo and Shindo will be the starting point of the 125 km road that will lead to Ganghwa, Kaesong and Haeju. The road to interconnect the two Koreas is included in the pledges of President Moon Jae-in as well as myself.The 11.1 km-long second section is from Shindo to Ganghwa. The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport is expected to include the section in its plan in the first half of this year.What is the concept of the welfare Incheon is in pursuit of?We announced our welfare standards in October last year to specify the concept.The standards include minimum levels and standard levels in the five fields of income, health, dwelling, education and care. Those also include 118 action plans covering citizens of all ages.A total of 10.8 trillion won will be invested for five years to come so that income gaps can be reduced, health levels can be heightened and participation in education can be further promoted.A series of customized welfare policies for the disabled, senior citizens and those with less income will be initiated this year. The policies will be implemented in the form of five strategies and 10 action plans, including participatory welfare.Incheon Mayor Park Nam-chun (sixth from right) poses for a photo with well-wishers at the Korea Mice Expo 2020 held at the Songdo Convensia Convention Center on Jan, 24.Please leave a remark to Incheon citizens.I hope every citizen will have a wonderful year, realize every wish and look forward to the day when COVID-19 will be overcome by our confidence and trust in ourselves.Huh Sung-sooadf@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




A Recommendation from State-run Think TankChina is increasingly isolated after the enactment of the Hong Kong national security law.The Korea Institute for International Economic Policy advised the South Korean government to clarify its stance on the Xinjiang Uighur, South China Sea and Hong Kong national security law issues with U.S.-China disputes escalating in non-economic sectors as well as trade.At present, the conflicts are being witnessed in a variety of fields, ranging from COVID-19 and Hong Kong national security law to Huawei 5G equipment and cybersecurity. According to the institute, the frequency of non-economic clashes between the two superpowers is likely to increase with time and China is being increasingly isolated after the enactment of the Hong Kong national security law.“Their economic and financial sanctions are likely to target a small number of individuals and certain enterprises for the time being with the global economy slowing down due to COVID-19,” it explained, adding, “Meanwhile, their disputes are likely to increase with regard to human rights issues, military issues, political issues, and the like. ”Canada, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy and Japan have controlled their exports to China since July in relation to the national security law. It is said that the People’s Liberation Army and the Ministry of State Security of China will get access to highly sensitive technologies once the Chinese Communist Party applies the law.In addition, the six countries urged China via the United Nations Human Rights Council to respect human rights and individual freedom after news came out about one million Uighurs detained without trial. Russia, Serbia, Bangladesh and Algeria, which supported China’s policy in the region until July last year, withdrew their support in June this year.China’s isolation also has to do with the July 2016 ruling of the Permanent Court of Arbitration that rejected China’s nine-dash line claims in the South China Sea. The United Kingdom is planning to station an aircraft carrier in the South China Sea for military cooperation with Australia. Japan and the United States have conducted annual joint military exercises in the region since 2017.Jung Suk-yeecontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Tanker In Cargo Ship C

2013-12-30 07:12

Crew members involved in a cargo ship collision involving a chemical-laden tanker off the coast of Busan have all been rescued, with minor injuries reported.

The 55,000-ton freighter Gravity Highway was on a test run when it collided with Maritime Maisie, a tanker carrying over 29,000 tons of inflammable chemicals early yesterday morning.

The impact resulted in a gaping hole and a fire aboard the tanker, which was eventually put out, but officials are now concerned the ship could break in half and sink.

The coast guard said it plans to move the remaining toxic chemicals on the ship and remove its fuel before towing it.

The exact cause of the collision is still under investigation.ollision May Sink.




Clean-up of Koreas Worst Oil Spill Continues for Third Day. TAEAN, South Korea _ Coast Guard officials Sunday were struggling to clean up crude oil leaked from a
supertanker in the country's worst oil spill that has blackened some of South Korea's pristine western coast and endangered wildlife.Spillage from the tanker was completely stopped early Sunday, 48 hours after the leak began after a ship collision in waters off Taean County, South Chungcheong province. The government has declared a state of disaster for the region.Kang Moo-hyun, minister of maritime affairs and fisheries, said the containment will take at least two months, considering the size of the vast oil slick along the 150-km shoreline of the Taean county."Even if some fish and maritime products survive, they wouldn't be sellable for quite a while," Kang told reporters, "Whatever measures are taken are necessary to prevent the oil from hitting the shoreline."Some 90 vessels and six airplanes were dispatched to the scene of the accident and 6,650 soldiers and police have been working to contain about 10,500 tons of oil leaked into the western waters."The large size of the spill made the containment difficult, but the oil won't expand more given the tides and wind and their speeds," Lee Bong-gil, a pollution management official in the Korea Coast Guard in Seoul, said.The oil was leaked after a 146,000-ton tanker collided with an 11,800-ton crane-carrying barge from Samsung Heavy Industries. The crane hit the Hong Kong-registered tanker and punctured holes in three of its five containers. In two of the damaged containers, oil leaked into waters mostly on Friday, but leakage from the third container was only completely stopped early Sunday after repairs were made. The accident spread fear among farmers of grave damage. The South Chungcheong provincial government said some 3,570 hectares of fish farms, more than half the entire 5,650 ha in the region, will be damaged.The spill has already hit some 20 km of the coastline where damage is extensive, officials said. An 11.8 km oil fence was built and dispersants were sprayed to contain the leak.Of the 10,500 tons of oil that were leaked, only 100 tons have been collected, officials said. The police were questioning officials of Samsung Heavy Industries, the tanker owner, as well as the tanker captain and crews of the barge, and Fisheries Ministry officials overseeing the control tower. Some witnesses have reported a communication failure between the tanker and the control tower, the police said. The oil spill, the largest in South Korea's history, is about twice the size of the leak of 5,035 tons in 1995. The leaked oil formed a round shape as wide as 20 km, while a 10-meter oil slick was created about 17 kilometers from the seashore. Pushed by tides and the wind, the spill has already reached some beaches and is threatening fish farms in Taean County.Some coastal areas such as Simnipo and Mohang have been turned black as the crude oil has soaked into the sand. The disaster is expected to deal a heavy blow to tourist businesses and oyster and abalone farms in the ecologically pristine Taean County.All major candidates in the Dec. 19 presidential election have traveled to the disaster area to encourage containment efforts and express sympathy for farmers. The accident could cause compensation payments of as much as 300 billion won (US$330 million) from British Lloyd P&I, the insurance company for the barge, and from the International Oil Pollution Compensation Funds, an intergovernmental organization that provides compensation for damage caused by oil spills. In the 1995 accident in which a tanker struck a reef, its insurer and the international organization provided payments of 50 billion won.




One dead, four missing in North Sea freighter collision
Written : 2023-10-25 09:00:00 KST
Updated : 2023-10-25 10:38:22 KST
Two cargo ships have collided in the North Sea off the coast of Germany, leaving one crew member dead and four missing. 
Two of the seven crew aboard the British flagged freighter, Verity, which collided with the Bahamian Polesie at around 5 AM local time on Tuesday morning, have been rescued.
According to the German Coast Guard, rescue efforts are continuing, with divers searching the sunken Verity for "signs of life."
The Verity was en route to the UK from Bremen, Germany with a cargo of steel when it collided with the Polesie, a ship that was en route from Hamburg to La Coruña in Spain.
None of the 22 people on board the Polesie were injured.




The Yeosu Maritime Police Station announced on the 7th that it will implement special measures for marine safety management during the Chuseok holiday so that returning visitors from the island region can spend a safe holiday ahead of Chuseok.According to the Coast Guard, during the Chuseok holiday over the past three years, the number of passengers on multi-use ships has been decreasing every year, but the number of passenger ships and pilot ships increased by 174% and 33% compared to normal times due to the concentration of returning visitors from islands.This year, according to the social distancing stage (stage 4 in the metropolitan area, stage 3 to 4 in the non-metropolitan area) due to COVID-19, the number of returning passengers using passenger ships and ferry lines is expected to decrease slightly.During the Chuseok holiday, the Yeosu Coast Guard is conducting various on-site inspections, publicity and guidance activities, such as safety management of multi-use ships and crackdown on crimes against people's livelihood.In addition, intensive inspections will be conducted on ship safety facilities and the implementation of COVID-19 quarantine rules centered on wireline and ferry docks in Yeosu-si and Goheung-gun areas.In addition, in order to strengthen the emergency response posture for maritime disasters, it plans to intensively deploy multi-use vessels using patrol vessels and strengthen preemptive maritime accident prevention activities in areas prone to accidents.An official from the Yeosu Coast Guard said, "We will strengthen emergency response posture by establishing a marine accident situation management system by strengthening on-site inspections and safety management in preparation for the increase in the number of multi-use ships during the Chuseok holiday."




The Pohang Maritime Police Station (Chief Seong Dae-hoon, hereinafter referred to as the Pohang Coast Guard) is part of an active administration to spread a maritime safety culture and prevent coastal accidents such as drowning, with ‘Life jackets! Life vest!’ campaign was announced on the 17th. According to the Pohang Coast Guard, this campaign will be joined by the Korea Maritime Safety Association and the POSCO Technical Research Institute Volunteer Corps, which have agreed to prevent marine accidents at the Pohang Coast Guard Yeongilman Police Box ahead of the exponential increase in tourists during the holiday season and peak season after social distancing is lifted. On the 16th, from Yeongilman Beach to Hwajin Beach, the Yeongilman Police Station patrol car and 10 Marine Safety Association electric cars were used to march the vehicle, and it was well received by tourists visiting the sea. In addition, on April 22, the Yeongilman Port and Yonghan Natural Amusement Park area will carry out a campaign to wear life jackets in parallel with environmental cleanup activities such as collecting marine garbage with the POSCO Volunteer Corps. In addition, the Pohang Coast Guard produced and attached magnetic stickers for vehicles of 'life jacket = life jacket' to vehicles in their 20s, such as official vehicles and patrol cars, so that they could actively promote wearing life jackets in their daily lives as well as performing basic duties of the Coast Guard. I am running a brotherhood movement. Chief Seong Dae-hoon said, “I hope that this maritime safety campaign will be a good opportunity to learn safe water play habits by awakening the importance of wearing life jackets.”




SEOUL -- The southern port city of Ulsan was selected to host a 43 billion won ($38 million) state project that aims to demonstrate and test the efficacy of an artificial intelligence-based marine logistics platform. When commercialized, the platform will help the digital transformation of ports to increase work efficiency and cargo processing speed.South Korean ports mainly rely on the manual operation of machinery, including cranes and forklifts, and cargo tracking. The need for an efficient marine logistics management platform is higher than ever as cargo volume at major ports grows fast due to skyrocketing global cargo demand.Ulsan said in a statement on May 7 that the Ministry of Science and ICT has selected the port city and Ulsan ICT Promotion Agency to lead a three-year project to test an AI-based marine logistics platform. Ulsan will form a consortium involving 15 teams from universities including the Pohang University of Science and Technology (POSTECH), research centers and companies such as Hyundai Heavy Industries, South Korea's steel group Posco. The consortium will develop an AI-based inertial navigation system (INS) and digitalize marine logistics information. The demonstration will test technologies that can reduce operating costs of roll-on and roll-off vessels designed to carry wheeled cargo. Vessel equipment including lidars and automatic radar plotting aid (ARPA) will be developed, localized and upgraded."This demonstration will pioneer the future high-value vessel market by offering new engines of growth," Ulsan Mayor Song Cheol-ho was quoted as saying. The port city thinks the project will create an economic value of 700 billion won over the next 10 years after commercialization.South Korea has accelerated the digitalization of ports. Busan, the world's fifth-busiest port, has established a local 5G network to connect remote-controlled cranes and unmanned loaders. Drones are operated to monitor the structural safety of dock facilities and illegal activities. Blockchain, an unhackable virtual ledger system, was adopted to track cargo.





JAPAN NORTH KOREA COLLISION

A Fisheries Agency patrol boat Okuni collided with a North Korean fishing boat

A handout photo made available by the Japan Coast Guard on 07 October 2019 shows crew on a boat from Fisheries Agency patrol boat Okuni, which collided with a North Korean fishing boat in waters as known as Yamatotai, off Japan's northern coast of the Noto Peninsula, rescuing North Korean fishermen in exclusive economic zone of Japan, 07 October 2019. The patrol vessel and Japan Coast Guard patrol boats rescued 60 crew and fishermen on board a North Korean fishing boat that sunk after the collision. 




The joint investigation team of police and prosecutors is expanding its case into the ferry's operator Cheonghaejin Marine Company.According to prosecutors, the crew members testified that they had received little or no standard safety training.A 2013 audit report showed the marine company spent less than 600,000 won on crew training such as evacuation drills.In comparison, a rival shipping firm had spent more than 18 times that amount during the same period on training programs.Authorities also seized yesterday the Sewol's sister ship -- the Ohamana Ferry -- owned by Cheonghaejin Marine, in an effort to find more clues behind the exact cause of the disaster.




 






Korean mobile carrier LG U Plus has unveiled a new safety drone. It runs on a new quasi-autonomous system  connected to the company's cloud-based telecommunication platform.This enables the vehicle to fly to a designated location without a person directly controlling it in real time. While on its way, the drone can send live visual feeds and other data directly to the smart control tower  thanks to an embedded modem.(korean)  "One of the many specialties of the smart drone control service is that it allows us to fly and operate drones out of visible range."With its new features, the drone is expected to provide help in sectors such as logistics, transportation and public safety.Telecom giant KT also has a new safety drone, which would be useful in areas including marine safety, and combating illegal fishing.An unmanned vehicle dubbed the ‘Skyship' is designed to serve above the coastlines and the ocean.The drone carries basic first aid kits that can be delivered to rescuees from mid air  and also has LTE and 5G network modules, which enable it to shoot back real-time data to marine rescue bases as far away as 200 kilometers from land.SK Telecom, meanwhile, has signed a partnership with fire headquarters in Gangwon-do Province in November  as its new safety drones are a good fit for rescue operations in mountainous regions. The drone industry is projected to be worth more than 12 billion dollars by 2023.With advanced telecommunication network systems making a substantial impact in rescue work,  even more enhanced technologies involving robots and A.I. will be commercialized in the years to come.Cho Sung-min, arirang news. 




Five municipalities adjacent to the Hanil Strait(Korea-japan), including Busan, Ulsan, Gyeongnam, Jeonnam, and Jeju, have launched a joint response to the ocean discharge of radioactive water contaminated with Fukushima.On the 22nd, the province held a working-level meeting on measures against ocean discharge of radioactive contaminated water in Fukushima in a conference room on the 18th floor of Busan City Hall on the 22nd, urged the Japanese government to withdraw its decision, shared the response situation for each province, and discussed joint countermeasures and cooperative tasks.These cities and provinces are geographically close to Japan and bordered by the Korea-Japan Strait, and are deeply concerned about the impact of this decision on the citizens' safety and marine environment as well as the fisheries industry, and continue to hold regular meetings in the future. It is a plan to respond.Busan Mayor Park Hyung-jun said, “Since the ocean discharge of radioactive contaminated water is a problem that is directly related to the health and safety of citizens as well as pollution of the marine environment, we will respond strongly through cooperation with cities and provinces adjacent to the Korea-Japan Strait, and protect the marine environment and manage the safety of seafood products. We will take all necessary measures for this.”In October of last year, five cities and provinces formed a working-level countermeasures council to prevent the ocean discharge of radioactive water contaminated in Fukushima, Japan, and prepared a joint proposal and delivered it to the Council of Mayors of the Republic of Korea.Accordingly, 17 Mayors and Do Governors adopted a joint proposal and on December 22 last year, they proposed to the government to immediately cease discussions on the ocean discharge of radioactive water contaminated with Fukushima.




Changwon Special Administrative City announced on the 5th that it has expanded and conducted aquatic product radioactivity tests to secure safety in response to the imminent discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant by the Japanese government.Changwon City conducts radioactivity tests on aquatic products for hypermarkets where aquatic products are actively distributed, relieving citizens' anxiety caused by the decision to discharge contaminated water from nuclear power plants, and making efforts to minimize damage to the fisheries industry due to a decrease in consumption of marine products.On this day, seven types of highly consumed marine products, including mackerel, mackerel, and flounder, were collected and tested for iodine (131I) and cesium (134Cs, 137Cs), which are inspection items notified by the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety. It plans to request an inspection for additional nuclides.
In addition, 27 cases of aquatic products collected and inspected this year were all found to be in conformance with the standard standard inspection results, such as radioactivity and heavy metals, and non-conforming aquatic products as a result of the inspection were disclosed through the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety's 'unconformity emergency notification system' and the city website. and promptly recover and dispose of them.Lee Jong-min, head of the Health and Hygiene Division, said, "We plan to strengthen radioactivity testing and publicity for seafood, and even share safety information to relieve citizens' anxiety about the safety of seafood."








Rep. Yoon Jae-gap begins a hunger strike to stop the ocean discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant!Strong condemnation of the Yoon Seok-yeol government for giving up the lives and safety of the people The only solution is to stop Fukushima's discharge of contaminated water into the oceanRepresentative Yoon Jae-gap of the National Assembly's Agriculture, Forestry, Livestock, Food, Marine and Fisheries Committee (Democratic Party Haenam, Wando, and Jindo) started a hunger strike from today (20th) in front of the main gate of the National Assembly building to stop Japan from releasing nuclear-contaminated water from Fukushima.Japan's Tokyo Electric Power Co., Ltd. started a test operation of the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant's marine discharge facility for contaminated water on the 12th, and the Japanese government's marine discharge of contaminated water entered a countdown. As a result, people's anxiety is expanding, and the fisheries industry in particular is strongly protesting, saying that it is a matter of livelihood.Rep. Yoon Jae-gap “The only solution is to block Fukushima’s discharge of contaminated water into the ocean.”In addition, Rep. Jae-gap Yoon, chairman of the Special Committee on Maritime Affairs and Fisheries of the Democratic Party, held a press conference at the Communication Hall of the National Assembly and said, “The release of contaminated water from nuclear power plants into the sea is not only a threat to the life and safety of the people, but also a radioactive terrorism that destroys the entire fishing industry itself.” Since there is no solution other than to fundamentally stop the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant into the ocean, we are going on a hunger strike until Japan withdraws its decision to discharge it.”“The Yoon Seok-yeol administration gave only a justification for Japan’s ocean discharge with a formal act of dispatching an inspection team, and dismissed public concerns about the ocean discharge of nuclear-contaminated water as incitement and ghost stories,” he criticized.Lastly, Rep. Yoon Jae-gap expressed his determination, saying, "I will fight together with the people to keep the sea of Korea clean and to prevent damage to our fishermen and fisheries-related industries."On the other hand, Yoon Jae-gap, chairman of the Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Special Committee of the Democratic Party of Korea, shaved his head at the 'contest against the import of marine products from Fukushima and condemnation of humiliating diplomacy against Japan' in March, and in April, he personally visited Fukushima, Japan to check the safety of contaminated water from the nuclear power plant.








 A U.S. Marine Corps veteran has killed 12 people at a crowded bar in California, in the latest U.S. mass shooting that has stunned a community with a reputation for safety.For more on this and other news around the world we turn to our Ro Aram.Aram…what's the latest?Well Mark…the suspect has been identified as 28 year-old Ian David Long. He was found dead in the office of the Borderline Bar and Grill in Thousand Oaks - a suburb about 60 kilometers northwest of LA.
Authorities believe he shot himself after Wednesday night's rampage.They are yet to determine a motive, but Long was suspected of having a history of mental illness.The Ventura County Sheriff said it was possible that Long suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder after serving in Afghanistan.Police were called to his house in April to answer a disturbance call and said he was acting irrationally.Mental health specialists spoke with him and determined that no further action was necessary.The Borderline is popular among students and hosts College Country Night on Wednesdays.This witness described the chaos."I was just with friends and I saw the shooter walk in and he reached up to the counter like he was going to put an ID or some money up on the counter to pay his cover charge and I just kind of saw it in the corner of my eye and I heard a gunshot and I focused on him and I saw that he was holding a handgun and he continued to shoot at the girl at the front desk……It took a couple of seconds for people to realize what was going on and once that happened it was just utter chaos."Wednesday's shooting was the latest mass killing in the United States and was sure to revive the debate on gun control.The incident came less than two weeks after 11 Jewish worshippers at a synagogue were killed by a shooter in Pittsburgh.



 






SEOUL, June 14 -- The U.N. maritime safety agency is reviewing measures to respond to Japan's planned release of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant, though further discussions are needed to decide whether to deal with the issue within the London Convention and Protocol framework, the agency chief said Wednesday. Japan plans to discharge radioactive water from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant, which was crippled by a massive 2011 earthquake and tsunami, into the sea as early as this month, according to foreign media reports. South Korea has called for discussions on the potential impacts of the planned release on the marine environment within the London Convention and Protocol framework under the International Maritime Organization (IMO). But Japan has refuted the call, claiming that such a discharge should not be seen as an act of marine dumping. "Member nations differ on the interpretation of the issue. Some say the International Atomic Energy Agency is supposed to deal with the issue, while others say it should be viewed in terms of the definition of dumping and within the scope of the LC/LP," IMO Secretary-General Lim Ki-taek told a press interview in Seoul. "Policy measures among the parties concerned can be discussed during the next round of meetings. Apart from that, we are reviewing what the IMO can do (with regard to the Fukushima issue)," Lim said, without elaborating further. This photo, provided by South Korea's Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries, shows International Maritime Organization Secretary-General Lim Ki-taek speaking during a press interview in Seoul on June 14, 2023. (PHOTO NOT FOR SALE)  According to a document drawn up after a Protocol meeting in October 2022, the IMO said it is "not certain" that a broad interpretation of the London Protocol would consider that such a disposal would fall within the scope of the treaty, the ministry said in a release.The London Convention, which has been in force since 1975, is meant to promote the effective control of all sources of marine pollution and to take steps to prevent marine pollution by the dumping of waste and other matter. In 1996, the London Protocol was agreed in order to modernize the Convention, and it prohibits all dumping, with some exceptions. Cho Seung-hwan, South Korean minister of oceans and fisheries, on Wednesday reiterated the need to have discussions among the Protocol's contracting members on the Fukushima case, while vowing continued close consultations with Japan and measures to beef up monitoring of its potential impacts. The government will hold a daily press briefing starting Thursday to keep the public up to date on the process of the planned discharge of the contaminated water, the Office for the Government Policy Coordination under the Prime Minister's Office said. Park Ku-yeon, the first deputy chief of the Office for Government Policy Coordination, will head the presser, along with Vice Fisheries Minister Song Sang-keun and a nuclear engineering expert from the academia. Environmental activists stage a rally in Jeonju, North Jeolla Province, southwestern South Korea, on June 8, 2023, to express their objection to Japan's decision to discharge radioactive water from the crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant into the sea. The planned release has sparked concerns among nations, particularly over the safety of imported seafood. South Korea banned all seafood imports from eight Japanese prefectures near Fukushima in 2013 on concerns over their radiation levels in the wake of the meltdown incident in 2011. In May, South Korea sent a team of experts and government officials to Fukushima for a six-day on-site inspection, through which it achieved "meaningful progress" but additional analysis is needed for a more accurate conclusion regarding the matter. The International Atomic Energy Agency plans to issue a final safety assessment of Japan's plan at the end of this month. This file photo, provided by North Korea's Korean Central News Agency on June 1, 2023, shows the launch of the North's new "Chollima-1" rocket, allegedly carrying a military reconnaissance satellite, "Malligyong-1," from Tongchang-ri on the North's west coast at 6:29 a.m. the previous day. The projectile fell into waters some 200 kilometers west of the South's southwestern island of Eocheong following its flight over the waters far west of the border island of Baengnyeong. In just about 2 1/2 hours after the launch, the North confirmed its failure, citing the "abnormal starting of the second-stage engine." (For Use Only in the Republic of Korea. No Redistribution).


Speaking of its recent resolution condemning North Korea for missile launches, Lim said the move carries significance as it is the first time for the agency to adopt a resolution against a specific member nation. "The resolution itself would not have direct, practical impacts, but each step by an international agency has significant diplomatic meanings," Lim said. He, however, did not give detailed steps that the IMO may take against a North Korean missile firing, saying it is a political issue to be dealt with by the U.N. Security Council. On May 31, the IMO adopted its first-ever resolution "strongly" condemning North Korea for a series of missile launches, just hours after the North made an botched attempt to put its first military spy satellite into orbit. A resolution is considered the strongest recommendation by the IMO to its member states. Previously, it had stopped short of adopting circulars three times -- in 1998, 2006 and 2016 -- to express concerns over missile launches without prior notification.
In response, Pyongyang denounced the resolution as "unfair and illegal," and hinted it may forgo a prior notice to the IMO for future satellite launches. Lim, a former South Korean oceans and fisheries ministry official, is in South Korea to attend Korea Maritime Week and the ministerial conference under way in Seoul for a three-day run through Friday, where experts and industry and government officials from dozens of nations will discuss ways to better protect the marine environment and boost cooperation on digitalization in the maritime industry, as well as autonomous surface ships. The international maritime week event has been held on an annual basis since 2017 to discuss key issues on maritime safety and the marine environment.




South Korea has lived through a series of disasters and tragedies, but the sinking of the Sewol ferry with the loss of over 300 passengers and crew nearly 10 years ago left a lasting mark on Korea's collective psyche.The failure to save hundreds of people trapped in the slowly sinking ship, shown live on TV, and learning that it was another humanmade disaster caused by corruption, incompetence and a chronic insensitivity to safety enraged and saddened South Koreans to the point of what felt like a mass depression that lasted for years.At around 8:50 a.m. on April 16, 2014, the Sewol ferry, en route from Incheon to Jeju, capsized off the southwestern island of Jindo, South Jeolla Province, after making rapid turns in the Maenggol Channel, which is known for its strong currents.Among the passengers was Yu Ga-young and her classmates from Danwon High School in Ansan, Gyeonggi Province.“Everyone was at the cafeteria that morning, and suddenly we realized that the plates and desks were tilted,” Yu wrote in her book of essays published early this year.“Before getting on to the helicopter, I think looked back at my friends. I wonder how they would look at me, did they resent me for leaving first.”
Over 250 students from Danwon High were on board, but only 75, including Yu, survived.In the first book written by a survivor of the Sewol, Yu wrote that she still visits the sea in her nightmares, and suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder. She has struggled with depression, insomnia, self-harm and spent time in a closed ward in a psychiatric hospital. Yu loved books and had dreamed of becoming a librarian, but after the Sewol, she could not read a word.How it happened Front page of the April 18, 2014 edition of The Korea Herald The Sewol ferry was originally called “Naminoue.” Built in Japan in 1994, the passenger vessel had navigated to remote islands between Kagoshima and Okinawa for 18 years before it was bought by Korea’s Chonghaejin Marine in 2012.The ship underwent six months of modifications to add two more decks of passenger space and expand the cargo space as its new owner wanted it to be more profitable. This increased the gross tonnage of the Sewol by 239 tons to 6,825 tons, and altered the ship’s center of gravity. Chonghaejin also increased the ship’s passenger capacity by 117 people to a total of 921.The ferry began service between Incheon and Jeju in March 2013.When the Sewol set sail from Incheon on the evening before the sinking, it was recorded that it had 150 vehicles and 657 tons of freight on board, but in fact 180 vehicles and 1,157 tons of cargo had been loaded onto it, which was twice the legal limit. The excess weight and unsecured cargo contributed to the destabilization of the vessel.Having departed 2 1/2 hours after its scheduled time due to heavy fog that kept many vessels from leaving the port, it deviated from its intended course, possibly to save time.The poorly balanced ferry made multiple turns as it navigated through the Maengol Channel. After getting out of the waterway, it made a sharp turn against a strong current. The shoddily secured cars, trucks and shipping containers slid to the left, and the vessel tipped.The first distress call, made by one of the passengers, was received at 8:52 a.m. Three minutes later, the ship's crew notified the Vessel Traffic Service center in Jeju that the ship was in the process of sinking. In their communication with the nearest VTS center in Jindo at 9:17 a.m., they reported that the ship had tilted to an angle exceeding 50 degrees.At first, the media falsely reported that all the 476 people on board had been rescued. It turned out, however, that the passengers were repeatedly told over the intercom to stay in their cabins while the captain and crew members jumped ship, and the Korea Coast Guard lost precious time before starting rescue, citing the fast currents. According to news reports, more than half of the 172 survivors were rescued by fishing boats and other commercial vessels, instead of the Coast Guard.Videos filmed and KakaoTalk messages sent by the passengers, mostly the students, and released by the media showed their last moments in which some of them said, “Mom and dad, I love you.”A joint investigation by the police and the prosecution later concluded that the Sewol sank due to overloading of cargo, renovations that made the ferry dangerously top-heavy, and the helmsman’s steering error.Public anger and criticism mounted against the crew that told the passengers to stay put even as they evacuated; the ship owner that recklessly expanded the vessel’s passenger and cargo spaces and overloaded it; the corrupt regulators that turned a blind eye to all this; the Coast Guard and eventually against then-President Park Geun-hye for staying in her bedroom for seven hours after she was initially briefed on the ferry accident that morning.Aftermath Nine official investigations and inquiries have been conducted over the Sewol ferry sinking, and more than 150 regulators, crew members, ship inspectors and officials from ferry and loading companies have been arrested and indicted for their wrongdoings that led to the disaster. South Korea implemented stricter safety regulations and enacted laws to combat corruption and hold companies accountable for prioritizing profits over safety.In November 2015, the Supreme Court upheld a lower court ruling that sentenced the captain, Lee Joon-seok, to life imprisonment for murder as he abandoned the ship where hundreds of passengers were trapped in. Fourteen other crew members were sentenced to up to 12 years in jail.Kim Kyeong-il, captain of the Coast Guard patrol boat No. 123 which arrived at the scene first but failed to order the passengers to leave the ferry, was sentenced to three years in prison for involuntary manslaughter due to professional negligence. He was the only member of the Coast Guard found guilty over the ferry disaster. In early November this year, the top court acquitted the leadership of the Coast Guard including its former chief Kim Seok-kyun and nine other top officers of involuntary manslaughter due to professional negligence.Yellow ribbons, symbolizing wishes for the safe return of the missing passengers and condolences for the victims, flutter in the wind at Paengmok Port, near where the Sewol ferry capsized and sank, on April 24, 2014. The Korea Herald The sunken ferry was pulled out of the waters in March 2017 following lengthy delays due to technological and cost issues. The remains of four missing passengers were found as it was raised. The wreck of Sewol has since been placed on the dock of the southwestern port of Mokpo.Then-President Park Geun-hye was heavily criticized for refusing to clarify what she was up to during the seven hours she was out of the public eye. The media reported various speculations that her office denied, but did not explain further. The Sewol victims’ families and their supporters including opposition politicians organized massive protests that eventually led up to Park’s impeachment in 2017.“The Park administration failed to empathize with the anguish of the bereaved families,” Yeom Jae-ho, former president of Korea University and president of Taejae University, wrote in his recent column.“The opposition party and its mainstream faction composed of student activist-turned politicians, on the other hand, saw through their rage and pains of the younger generation to capitalize on their anger."In her memoir series carried by a local media company since October this year, Park said that because of her lack of response to the suspicions, “what is not factual was taken as facts, leading to divisions and disruptions in Korean society.”She, however, admitted that she checked the initial report on the ferry accident only belatedly, and that a hairdresser had visited her official residence during that time.South Korea still has a long way to go to recover from the wounds of the Sewol, and the survivors are trying.Yu, the survivor, wrote her book of essays as part of the activities of a nonprofit organization called “Wounded Healer,” which she founded with her friends in 2018 to connect with other traumatized survivors. Her group has sought to console and support others who have been hurt, through therapeutic puppetry for children and volunteer work to help the elderly who lost their homes to forest fires.“I thank people who treated me without prejudice and people who reached out to me unconditionally,” Yu said, adding that it was their support that gave her the courage to write the book so that the Sewol ferry disaster would not be forgotten.This article is the final installment of the "History through The Korea Herald" series, which has revisited significant events and issues over seven decades through articles, photos and editorial pieces published in The Korea Herald. The full series is available online at www.koreaherald.com. -- Ed.







Seadronics is emerging as a promising startup that will lead to innovation in the shipping industry. It is expected to enter into MOUs with major domestic and foreign shipping companies through artificial intelligence (AI)-based port and ship control solutions.According to the venture industry on the 7th, Seadronics was recently selected as Asia's first accelerating program "Waypoint" under Lloyd's shipping in the UK.WayPoint is an acceleration program that supports marine innovative technology companies to enter the global market and introduce solutions on-site. With this selection, Seedronics will be recognized for its marine object and environmental recognition artificial intelligence technology and sensor convergence technology.Seadronics is currently developing AI technologies needed for ports and ships, aiming to operate ships autonomously. Representative technologies include "AVISS," an AI port management monitoring system, and "NAVISS," an AI operation support monitoring system.AVISS automatically analyzes the surrounding environment of ships docked at ports with AI and provides real-time situation information to controllers and ship managers. It also provides various data to assist the port operation from the entry of the ship to the time of departure.NAVISS provides around-view images to captains and crew members through sensor modules installed on ships. Based on the provided video, ship members can grasp the surrounding situation in real time and operate safely in areas with a high risk of collision, such as port waters and narrow channels.jinyong leeebskincafe@hanmail.netView More ArticleCopyright © SmartTimes. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




GERMANY CARGO SHIPS COLLISION. Russian vessel Tyumen-2' is heavily damaged after colliding with another transport ship in heavy fog on the Kiel Canal near Fischerhuette, Germany, 14 April 2011. Two seamen died and several others were injured in the collision, authorities said.








The government on Sunday announced plans to bolster regulations on drunken sailing, a move that comes in line with enhanced public awareness on marine safety following the mid-April Sewol ferry disaster that left more than 300 people dead or missing.The Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries said it has issued an advance notice of revised legislation that strengthens the level of drunken sailing to a blood alcohol concentration of 0.03 percent from an earlier 0.05 percent.The marine industry's benchmark level for sailing under the influence of alcohol had been lower compared with other means of transportation. The standard in the aviation industry stands at 0.03 percent and that in the railway sector had been also tightened to 0.03 percent following the deadly ferry sinking.Under the revision, the crew members of ships bigger than 5 tons will be subject to a fine up to a maximum of 15 million won (US$14,479) or two years in prison if they are found to have sailed under the influence of alcohol. The same rule applies to operators of ferries and fishing boats under 5 tons, which are easily prone to casualties.Operators of ships under 5 tons, with the exception of ferries and fishing boats, are subject to pay a penalty of 500,000 won if their blood alcohol concentration comes in between 0.03 percent and 1 percent.The number of drunken sailing cases came in at an annual average of 113 over the past five years, with the number of accidents incurred by drunken sailing reaching 11, according to government data. (Yonhap)







Korea Maritime Transportation Safety Authority warns of ‘ship stranding accidents’ in fall Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries and Korea Maritime Transportation Safety Authority (KOMSA) provide 50% support for the purchase of ‘Sea Navi’As a result of the Korea Maritime Transportation Safety Authority (KOMSA) analyzing the status of ship grounding accidents that occurred between 2018 and 2022 through the Maritime Traffic Safety Information System (MTIS), a total of 804 ships were reported over the past five years (2018 to 2022). It was analyzed that this stranding accident occurred.The Korea Maritime Transportation Safety Authority announced that 34.6% (278 ships) of these incidents were found to have occurred in the fall season (September to November), and that most of the casualties were injured, including 208 injured and 2 dead or missing.In particular, according to the analysis results, the monthly average number of ships that ran aground during the fall season (September to November) over the past five years was 18.5, which exceeded the monthly average number of ships that ran aground over the past five years, which was 13.4, and in October, the monthly average was 19.2 ships. occurred, recording the highest figure among all monthly averages.By vessel type, fishing boats had the most stranding accidents. 72.9% (586 vessels) of the vessels that suffered stranding accidents were fishing boats, and among fishing vessels, coastal fishing boats (292 vessels) had the largest number of stranding accidents.The cause of stranding accidents was human error, such as not properly checking the location of the vessel or neglecting vigilance, which accounted for 82% of the total, and the sea area where stranding accidents occur frequently is the sea near Hallyeohaesang National Park, including Yeosu-si in Jeollanam-do and Sacheon and Tongyeong-si in Gyeongsangnam-do. It appeared. In particular, stranding accidents frequently occurred in the low water depths of Janggundo Island, Yeosu-si, Jeollanam-do, and Haegando Island, Tongyeong-si, Gyeongsangnam-do.As a result of analyzing the top keywords of words related to stranding accidents in over 2,300 cases of marine accident decisions from the Central Maritime Safety Tribunal (2009-2022) using the Maritime Traffic Safety Information System (MTIS), the facility factors in the accident were as follows: GPS plotter (a simple electronic chart display device that can check the ship's location, coordinates, route, etc.), breakage/damage, engines, main engines, etc. were frequently mentioned. Human factors in the accident were identified as being on duty, neglecting vigilance, and ship location.In order to prevent stranding accidents, the Corporation advised that it is important to regularly manage the ship's location, coordinates, and route information using navigation equipment when sailing.The corporation analyzes sea areas with frequent stranding accidents every year and provides the information to four major ship navigation equipment manufacturers across the country.In addition, ship operators can easily use stranding and collision risk warning alarms, latest electronic chart updates, route information provision, and emergency rescue request services through ‘sea navigation’.Meanwhile, the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries and the Corporation have been supporting the cost of purchasing terminals for all fishing boats since July, and have also increased the purchase subsidy limit to a maximum of 2.5 million won (50% of the purchase cost).Kim Jun-seok, chairman of the Korea Maritime Transportation Safety Authority, said, “Compared to other marine accidents, stranding accidents cause minimal casualties, but they can cause property damage such as damage to the hull or loss of operation.” “There is a need to actively use various navigational equipment to check regularly whether you are sailing in the sea area,” he said.






NORWAY PARLIAMENT FRIGATE COLLISION

Norwegian Defence Minister statement in parliament on frigate collision

Norway's Minister of Defence Frank Bakke-Jensen flips through documents while sitting inside the Norwegian Parliament after giving a statemnent on the operation to rescue the sunken Norwegian frigate 'Helge Ingstad'. The frigate in November 2018 collided with a tanker and ran aground near Bergen, in Western Norway. 




Koreans will enjoy a holiday free from Covid-19 restrictions for 1st time since the virus outbreakThe government will lift its pre-travel Covid-19 test requirement for inbound travelers from Saturday, believing the ongoing resurge has passed its peak.Korea had required inbound travelers to submit a polymerase chain reaction (PCR) test within 48 hours or a negative rapid antigen test (RAT) confirmation issued within 24 hours of entry before returning home."Starting from Sept. 3, Koreans and foreigners using planes or ships to arrive in Korea do not need to submit a polymerase chain reaction (PCR) test negative confirmation result," Second Vice Minister of Health and Welfare Lee Ki-il said during a press briefing on Wednesday. "This measure applies regardless of vaccination history or country of departure."The eased regulation follows a recommendation from an advisory panel of private experts to the Office of the Prime Minister that the government scraps the pre-entry test requirement on Monday, replacing them with post-arrival tests."The scale of the Covid-19 epidemic is on the decline overseas as well, and it has been confirmed that the spread in Korea has also decreased for the first time in nine weeks," Korea Disease Control and Prevention Agency (KDCA) Commissioner Peck Kyong-ran said. "We decided to implement the new measures in line with the global trend of no longer requiring travelers to submit negative PCR test results."Some experts have expressed concerns that the new policy may bring about another virus resurge during the upcoming Chuseok holiday, from Sep. 9-12.However, health officials cast aside such worries."There is a chance that infection might increase due to increased travel during the Chuseok holiday," Peck said. "However, the spread is not expected to increase much because the recent viral wave passed its peak last week and has since been on a downward trend."However, the government will recommend that travelers receive PCR tests within a day of entry into Korea, Peck added.A private expert agreed."Covid-19 transmission on planes is not so severe, and the proportion of confirmed cases among inbound travelers is less than 1.3 percent after entering Korea," said Professor Eom Joong-sik, an infectious disease expert at Gachon University Gil Medical Center. "I think it's time to stop the pre-entry test and take measures to strengthen the monitoring period after entering the country to about two weeks and support the cost of testing."As an extension of relaxed control, the government will impose no restrictions on family gatherings or visits while allowing eating inside mass transits, such as trains and buses, and rest areas along expressways during the holiday.Accordingly, the upcoming Chuseok will be the first holiday entirely free from any social distancing rules since the first Covid-19 virus was first found in Korea on Jan. 20, 2020.Meanwhile, the government has decided to introduce a bivalent vaccine that is effective against BA.5, an Omicron subvariant.Health authorities prioritize high-risk groups such as those aged 60 years or older and those with underlying diseases. However, considering the effect of variants, adults over 18 who have already completed their vaccination can also receive the booster shot."We expect the BA.1-based Moderna bivalent vaccine to arrive first," Peck said. "Moderna applied for approval to the Korean Ministry of Food and Drug Safety at the end of July."Peck stressed that the government is also monitoring the development and licensing process of Pfizer's BA.1-based and BA.4 and BA.5-based vaccines."We are working closely with manufacturers to ensure rapid adoption," Peck said.Vaccination of Skycovione, developed by SK Bioscience, will also begin next month.On Wednesday, Korea added 103,961 new Covid-19 infections, including 458 from overseas, bringing the total caseload to 23,246,398, the KDCA said.The country reported 75 new Covid-19 deaths, bringing the death toll to 26,764, the KDCA said. The fatality rate stood at 0.12 percent. The number of critically ill patients remained high at 569, down 22 from the previous day.According to the KDCA, about 44.66 million among 52 million Koreans have been fully vaccinated. In addition, about 33.55 million people had received their first booster shots, and 7.16 million had their second booster shots.tweetRelated articles‘Korea has poor surveillance on post-arrival PCR tests'Lee Han-soocorea022@docdocdoc.co.krSee Other ArticlesCopyright © KBR Unauthorized reproduction, redistribution prohibited




On the 26th, Incheon City announced that it held a 2024 work report in the maritime and aviation sector to achieve the 8th popularly elected vision, ‘Incheon’s Dream, Korea’s Future’.According to Incheon City, the city is improving the income conditions of fishermen in the border area by expanding the fishing area in the Ganghwa border waters by 8.2㎢ for the first time in 60 years this year, and is expanding waterfront space through the continuous removal of military border fences.In addition, the Incheon Living Logistics Rest Center was opened (November 24, 2023) to contribute to the improvement of the welfare and rights of logistics and distribution workers by providing a rest area and counseling and education programs, and the burden of logistics costs for small business owners by establishing a joint logistics center for small business owners. , strengthened logistics competitiveness, and improved the regional logistics system.Based on these achievements, next year, with the goal of 'Incheon being a maritime hub city encompassing the sea, aviation, and islands', we will create a cultural and tourist city through the creation of marine infrastructure (infrastructure), improve settlement conditions, and create five islands on the West Sea where people want to live, Incheon-type. 7 major promotion strategies including fostering the aerospace industry, supporting innovative growth of the digital and smart-based logistics industry, creating a marine and port water-friendly city with citizens, creating and managing clean Incheon coastal waters, and creating a safe and prosperous fishing village and fishing port, and detailed implementation plans. established.First, in order to 'create a cultural and tourist city through the creation of marine infrastructure', expand the settlement environment and economic activity base for island residents through the establishment of global marine city infrastructure (infrastructure), fostering marine industry, development of special situation areas, and construction of LPG facilities, etc. We plan to improve the convenience of using maritime transportation by providing support for passenger ship fares for residents and island visitors, and to discover and operate island tourism content utilizing local resources.In addition, through the introduction of large passenger ships on the Baengnyeong route and support for an increase in settlement subsidies, we will create 'five islands in the West Sea where people want to live' by improving settlement conditions, and operate a pan-citizen consultative body of the ruling and opposition parties, the people and the government to 'foster the Incheon-type aerospace industry'. Promoting leading projects in the airport economic zone, preemptively securing the aircraft maintenance (MRO) market by attracting aviation maintenance companies, promoting Incheon-type empirical pilot projects to introduce the urban air traffic (UAM) system, and inconveniencing traffic due to the construction of Baengnyeong Airport and development of hinterland sites. We plan to focus on dramatically improving residential conditions, such as resolving the problem and quickly responding to emergency situations.In order to 'support the innovative growth of the digital and smart logistics industry', improve the inefficient collection structure and enhance the competitiveness of small business owners through the operation of a joint delivery center for small business owners, provide convenience and welfare services to workers in the living logistics service industry through the operation of a living logistics shelter, and provide rent and We plan to advance the logistics industry and expand worker welfare projects, including support for port development in the Incheon region through incentive support.Through the creation of marine water-friendly spaces (11 locations), provision of open seas, and removal of coastal barbed wire fences (2024~ / 25.37km), we will create 'marine and port water-friendly spaces with citizens' and manage marine protected areas, remove harmful marine organisms, and promote cooperation with citizens. We plan to 'create and manage a clean Incheon coastal sea' by managing and conserving excellent marine resources such as the ocean, islands, and tidal flats, and promoting international certification, including collecting marine debris together and establishing the basis for certification as UNESCO Global Geoparks in Baengnyeong and Daecheong. Lastly, in order to 'create a safe and prosperous fishing village and coast', promote the revitalization of fishing villages and fishing ports by creating a fishing village economic and livelihood platform and fishing village safety infrastructure (infrastructure), and ensure safe coastal fishing by cracking down on illegal fishing and operating fishing guidance boats. Establishment of a sustainable fisheries production base through environmental creation, artificial reef facilities (4 locations), purchase and release of fishery seeds (3 locations), and fostering of aquaculture business, and establishment of a foundation for marine product processing and distribution facilities (Ganghwa, Ongjin, Jung-gu, Namdong). We plan to create added value in islands and fishing villages through this.








Daejeon City Council Reinstatement Committee conducts administrative audit of Health and Environment Research Institute and Waterworks Business HeadquartersOn the 15th, the Daejeon City Council's Welfare and Environment Committee conducted an administrative audit of the work under the jurisdiction of the Health and Environment Research Institute and the Waterworks Business Headquarters.During the administrative audit on this day, Representative Park Jong-seon (People Power Party, Yuseong 1) stated that the Institute of Health and Environment must disclose accurate research data and research results for the health and safety of citizens, and that the most important thing is securing appropriate research equipment. In order to provide accurate data, we requested that we proactively consult with the budget office and promote replacement of equipment before its service life expires.Representative Park went on to point out that researchers are exposed to many risks while working in laboratories, and requested that efforts be made to improve the welfare of researchers working in difficult conditions.Next, Rep. Lee Geum-seon (Democratic Party of Korea, Yuseong 4) inquired about the cause of the rapid increase in the number of E. coli at Geumgokcheon ~ Gapcheon 3 points in relation to the operation status of the water quality measurement network, and consulted with the relevant department about the test results to improve citizens' safety, such as the operation of Gapcheon Water Sports Complex. He urged people to make active efforts to ensure safety.He also pointed out that there are many concerns among citizens regarding the status of radiation safety testing and requested that more attention be paid to testing not only general marine products, but especially marine products used in school lunches, as these are foods eaten by children.Representative Hwang Kyeong-ah (People Power Party, Proportionality) requested active management to prevent the leakage of some discarded agricultural products in relation to the disposal of non-conforming agricultural products, and to conduct thorough inspections on many items and secure inspection personnel for the health of Daejeon citizens. He requested that the Environmental Research Institute take active action.Vice Chairman Ahn An-ja (People Power Party, Proportionality) said that among infectious diseases, the increase in infections with CRE (resistant Enterobacteriaceae) is the highest, and Daejeon has an above-average incidence rate, so in addition to testing for test requests, he is actively He requested publicity on the disease among citizens. In addition, after adjusting the COVID-19 alert level, the number of infectious disease tests decreased significantly, but the number of positive diagnoses increased, and requested that the exact cause be identified and a response plan be established.Chairman Min Kyung-bae (People Power Party, Jung-gu 3) mentioned that while testing at veterinary hospitals or testing centers is important as there is a problem with mites, a zoonotic infectious disease, in relation to the increase in the pet population, publicity about this is also important. He requested that a promotional plan be prepared. He also mentioned a media report in which narcotic substances were detected in 34 sewage treatment plants across the country, and emphasized the need for Daejeon City to take an active and preemptive response to this issue as the drug problem has recently emerged as the biggest social problem.In the following afternoon, during the administrative audit of the Waterworks Business Headquarters, Representative Park Jong-seon (People Power Party, Yuseong 1) pointed out the reason why many complaints related to tap water occur and that water leakage problems are caused by old pipes, and that water leakage exploration and investigation will be carried out based on objective and scientific data in the future. He also requested that attention be paid to replacing old pipes.Rep. Lee Geum-seon (Democratic Party of Korea, Yuseong 4) asked questions regarding the status of drainage facilities and water quality testing, emphasizing the importance of thorough inspection and disclosure of data as it is directly related to the health of Daejeon citizens, and making it easy for citizens to find related information. We ask you to pay close attention to website management.Vice Chairman An Kyung-ja (People Power Party, Proportionality) inquired about the current status of publicity for residents about drinking tap water and criticized the lack of customized publicity according to the individual needs of Daejeon citizens other than formal advertisements such as subway advertisements. In addition, in order to promote the drinking of tap water in Daejeon in the future, he requested that research be conducted and a new promotional strategy tailored to residents be created and actively promoted.








The Mokpo Branch of the Gwangju District Court is holding an investigation to determine whether to issue arrest warrants for two senior officials of the ferry's operator, Chonghaejin Marine. A marine safety operations director surnamed Ahn and a logistics team leader identified only as Kim have been charged with criminal negligence, accidental homicide, and violation of maritime safety law. The two men are suspected of loading the ferry with too much cargo despite knowing the associated safety risks. Prosecutors say Kim allegedly tried to tamper with computer records on the Sewol's cargo volume upon hearing news of the accident. Ahn is also suspected of embezzling about 30 million won through the sale of scrap metal during the ferry's renovations.




INDIA SHIP COLLISION

Cargo ship MSC Chitra after a collision with another similar vessel off the Mumbai coast

Containers are lose aboard the tilted cargo ship MSC Chitra after a collision with another similar vessel off the Mumbai coast, India, 09 August, 2010. At least 33 sailors on board were safely evacuated following the accident, Indian Coast Guard officials said. The ships, at least 200 meters in length, hit each other some five nautical miles off the coast of Mumbai, the report said. Due to the impact of the collision, MSC Chitra has dangerously tilted in the sea and rescue groups were seeing containers that it was carrying falling from it at regular intervals. The affected ship was loaded with an estimated 2,500 tonnes of oil at the time of the accident, but officials declined to comment on the information. 




BUSAN — KT unveiled two marine safety systems Wednesday, tightening its leadership as the nation's widest network coverage operator. The maritime security network is one of the mobile carrier's five growth areas. The company is using its satellite long-term-evolution (LTE) network systems to operate the coastline service. On the sidelines of this year's Marine Week 2017 exhibition here, the company unveiled the Marine Navi anti-collision system. By combining the LTE network with closed circuit television (CCTV) on a boat, the system displays maritime information, preventing vessels from colliding. One of Marine Navi's key features is a real-time location-sharing service. This informs captains of potential threats. In bad weather, the system also displays virtual images around the ship, according to the company. "Marine Navi allows a ship's crew to monitor their surroundings within a radius of 10 kilometers on the ocean," Oh Seong-mok, president of KT's network division, said at the BEXCO convention center in Busan. The system also comes with image-analysis technology, providing captains with clearer, vivid views day and night, according to KT. KT said Marine Navi is targeted at the small-ship market here and abroad, as most mid- and large-sized vessels are equipped with similar systems. "There is much more expensive safety equipment than Marine Navi, but it is for huge vessels," Oh said. "Half of the ships in Korea are small ones, which are the target market for the system. We hope Marine Navi becomes a reasonable option for them to enhance their safety." The company is considering offering packaged safety systems, including Marine Navi and other network devices, to expand sales overseas. Skyship: The company also unveiled its state-of-the-art Skyship unmanned aerial vehicle. The 10-meter-long machine can fly at up to 70 kilometers an hour, which the company says is the best maritime security device combining the merits of drones and helicopters. Skyship comes with LTE and fifth-generation (5G) network modules, providing real-time datasets to base stations and marine rescue centers. It can fly up to 25 kilometers, the company said. "We focused on overcoming drawbacks from drones, which cannot fly for such a long period of time," Oh said. "A helicopter is, for this reason, widely used as a safety tool in case of a marine disaster. But it requires massive initial purchasing costs and needs a special workforce for its flight and maintenance. "But Skyship overcomes such shortcomings. The vehicle is filled with helium gas and can take on multiple safety missions with ease and convenience." The size of the Skyship can be expanded to meet users' needs, allowing the vehicle to carry medical kits, life jackets and safety equipment, KT said. As the device is also equipped with LTE modules and a 360-degree camera, Skyship can send high-definition videos in real time to safety control centers on land. In the case of an emergency, Skyship can also serve as a moving base station, offering network services in disaster areas. KT aims to expand its use in various areas, such as marine safety, illegal fishing and forest fires.




Rescuers find body of missing marine as monsoon rain subsides in S. Korea.
Written : 2023-07-20 09:00:00 KST. The rain has stopped for now here in South Korea. 
The country is tallying up the devastating effects of this year's monsoon season --including the loss of a marine during a search and rescue mission. Our Moon Hye-ryeon starts us off. The body of a marine who went missing during search and rescue operations due to heavy monsoon rains in South Korea has been found.
Rescue workers found the body of the marine corporal who was serving with the 1st Marine Infantry Division downstream of the Naeseong stream in Gyeongsangbuk-do Province late Wednesday night – 14 hours after he was reported missing.
Marine Corps officials reported that he fell into the stream on Tuesday during a search operation, and a rescue party of some 270 people and several drones had since been working to recover his body.The military is set to investigate the details of the accident, as well as supplementing safety measures for future search and rescue missions in heavy rain after it was revealed that the marines dispatched to Yecheon county at the time had not been wearing life jackets.This latest casualty brings the number of deaths caused by this year's monsoon to 47 while 4 people still remain missing as a result of the heavy rains which have devastated the country for two weeks.14 of those deaths came from the flooded tunnel in Osong County and an investigation will be launched today to see whether the levee served its purpose and the structure is strong enough to withstand water pressure.The Central Disaster and Safety Countermeasures Headquarters also reported that 35 people had been injured during the monsoon, with the highest number of casualties coming from Gyeongsangbuk-do Province and Chungcheong-do Province.More than seven thousand people were displaced from their homes over the past few weeks, with nearly half still unable to return home.
The natural disaster alert level remains at its highest level possible, while the Central Disaster Headquarters has lowered its response level to the lowest of the three levels of action that can be taken during a natural disaster as rains have subsided.
The country will experience a heatwave on Thursday, with temperatures soaring to 31 degrees Celsius and high humidity making feels-like temperatures even higher.
The Korea Meteorological Agency issued a heatwave warning for the northern regions of Gyeonggi-do Province and Gangwon-do Province, as well as advisories in the southern regions and Seoul.This heatwave is expected to last until Friday.




The Democratic Party (DP) compared Japan's planned release of treated contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant on Thursday to an "act of terror" reminiscent of its imperialistic past in the Pacific War, locking horns with its rival People Power Party (PPP) over the discharge issue.The Japanese government plans to begin discharge of the treated radioactive water from the defunct Fukushima nuclear power plant as early as around 1 p.m. on Thursday, according to Japanese media outlets Wednesday."We strongly condemn Japan's contaminated water terrorism," DP chief Lee Jae-myung said in his party's supreme council meeting at the National Assembly Wednesday. "They say history repeats itself, and Japan's release of nuclear-contaminated water is likely to be recorded as the second Pacific War."The DP has been vocally opposing Japan's water release plan, arguing that it could pose great health risks to the Korean people and be harmful to the domestic fishing industry. It criticized the Yoon Suk Yeol government's stance that the discharge would pose "no scientific or technical problems." "Japan, who threatened the survival of neighboring countries through its imperialistic war of aggression in the past, is about to bring irreversible disaster to Korea and other Pacific coastal countries" through its planned released of the contaminated water," Lee said."If there is even the slightest bit of concern for the people, they should openly express their opposition."In a briefing Tuesday, Park Ku-yeon, the first deputy chief of the Office for Government Policy Coordination, assured Korea will be allowed regular visits to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) office in Fukushima to receive the latest updates on Japan's discharge of its treated radioactive water into the sea.  However, he underscored that the arrangement between the IAEA and Seoul does not mean that Korea fully supports the Japanese discharge plan."I want to make it clear that the Korean government doesn't approve or support the discharge of contaminated water," said Park, adding that if Japan veers from its original plan, the government will "deem this action harmful to the safety and health of the Korean people" and request Japan to immediately cease the release.In turn, the PPP accused the DP of fearmongering and trying to raise "anti-Japanese" sentiments by politicizing the discharge issue.At a PPP task force meeting on protection of the seas Wednesday, PPP floor leader Yun Jae-ok said, "Last month, the IAEA announced in its inspection results that the discharge plan met international safety standards, and the Korean government through a detailed verification process confirmed that the release plan is technically fine."  Yun said the "important thing is science and facts," criticizing the DP of using the discharge of contaminated water as a "political tool" and "marketing" fear, raising public anxiety.  "The DP should not just cry out anti-Japan and anti-government measures, but first discuss ways to resolve the difficulties of fishermen," he said.  A massive earthquake and tsunami struck Japan on March 11, 2011, causing a meltdown at the Fukushima plant operated by Tokyo Electric Power Company (Tepco). Environment activists have continued to worry that Tepco's release into the ocean of some 1 million metric tons of contaminated water processed by the Advanced Liquid Processing System (ALPS) and stored in tanks at the plant will be harmful to the marine ecosystem and ultimately to human bodies. Japan claims the treated water to be free of most nuclides, except tritium. The Japanese government and Tepco have been in talks to discharge the water from the Fukushima plant starting Thursday afternoon, according to Japan's Kyodo News Wednesday.Tepco is reported to have transported around 1 ton of treated water to a dilution facility, mixing it with 1,200 tons of seawater.Japan's Yomiuri Shimbun also reported Wednesday that after the water release starts, the concentration of tritium in the seawater will be monitored regularly and data collected is expected to be released as early as on Sunday.The treated water contains tritium, which is difficult to remove, even with Tepco's advanced liquid processing system. Tepco has said it will dilute the treated water by mixing it with a large amount of seawater to reduce the concentration to less than 1,500 becquerels per liter.Large amounts of tritium can cause mutations, tumors and cell death, but experts say small amounts are not harmful to human health.  
Park of the Office for Government Policy Coordination confirmed plans to conduct real-time monitoring of the water discharge in a daily briefing on Wednesday. The Korean government said that if the water discharge proceeds as planned, the Japanese side will automatically disclose data measured by radiation monitors on a website every hour, sharing information with Korea.The two countries also agreed to establish a "dual hotline" between their regulatory and diplomatic authorities to swiftly share information in case of an abnormal situation at the discharge facilities.The government also introduced a real-time wireless marine radioactivity monitoring system developed by researchers at the Korea Institute of Nuclear Safety (KINS). It can be mounted on ships and directly measure radioactivity in seawater on-site. Various civic and environmental groups, along with liberal lawmakers from the DP and minor Justice Party, are expressing strong opposition to the Japanese government's water release plan, with protests taking place in front of the Japanese Embassy in Seoul and across the nation after the release date was set Tuesday.The DP also announced candlelight vigils at the National Assembly in western Seoul scheduled starting Wednesday, with rallies to protest the discharge expected to continue over the weekend at Gwanghwamun in central Seoul.Greenpeace Korea issued a statement Tuesday strongly denouncing the "Japanese government's irresponsible announcement that could lead to irreversible disaster."Some protesters have threatened to boycott Japanese products if it continues through with the water release, while groups of merchants at seafood markets across the country have also voiced concerns that marine produce sales may plummet.  




The completion rate of the sea bridge between Ungcheon and Soho in Yeosu, Jeollanam-do is currently 90%, and will be temporarily opened in May of this year.Ahead of the temporary opening of the marine bridge, only the bridge deck and cable connection are left.The sea bridge between Ungcheon and Soho in Yeosu on the 8th consists of a cable-stayed bridge of 220m and a PSC girder bridge of 330m.If you add the 604m access road to this, the total length will be 1,154m, connecting Ungcheon Yeulmaru and Soho Hangho Village in a four-lane round-trip.When the road between Ungcheon and Soho is completed with the opening of the maritime bridge, it is expected to serve as an inner ring road in the city center and greatly relieve traffic congestion.The city plans to temporarily open the marine bridge, which began construction in July 2018, in May, and complete all construction in July.The maritime bridge between Ungcheon and Soho, which symbolizes Admiral Yi Sun-sin's long sword and a yacht cruising in Gamak Bay, is expected to become a new landmark in Yeosu and a tourist attraction.Earlier, Mayor Kwon O-bong visited the construction site of the marine bridge on the 4th and checked the progress and safety measures. Mayor Kwon said on the same day, “It is expected that the completion of the marine bridge will reduce traffic congestion and relieve congestion.Construction will be carried out in line with the temporary opening in May, and we will carefully check traffic preparation measures in response to changes in road conditions at the time of opening.”He continued, “With the enforcement of the Serious Accident Punishment Act, it is necessary to change the awareness of safety accidents.I hope that you will be thorough in preventing bridge form accidents, curing concrete structures, and managing quality.” “Be careful not to cause inconvenience to residents when installing road facilities, and check daily with self-diagnosis kits to prevent Corona 19 before construction workers are put into the field. Please do it,” he added.




 






3 dead, 2 missing after boat, cargo ship collide. Three people died and two are still missing after a fishing boat collided with a cargo ship in the seas off of Tongyeong, South Gyeongsang, on Friday.The 9.7-ton fishing boat had about 14 people on board when it hit the 3,000-ton Panamanian-registered cargo ship off Yokji Island in Tongyeong.The remaining nine people were safely rescued and were immediately transported to Yeosu, South Jeolla, the Tongyeong Coast Guard said.The accident was reported to the Tongyeong Coast Guard at 4:50 a.m. when a cargo ship said it heard a “huge bang” that sounded like a collision.According to the coast guard, the 57-year-old captain of the boat, surnamed Choi, along with two other crew members, was found unconscious and died while being transferred to a hospital in Yeosu.The coast guard reported in a briefing at 11:30 a.m. on Friday that they are still looking for the whereabouts of the missing two people who were on the boat.“Twenty-two coast guard patrol ships, eight aircraft and 34 members of the Central Special Ocean Rescue Team are working to find the two people,” the Coast Guard said.The Coast Guard is also investigating the cause of death of the three people.They reported that they likely died because those that died, along with the two other crew members who are currently missing, were not wearing life jackets.
A crew member surnamed Kim told the Yonhap news agency that “the accident took place during the night, and everyone in the cabin was sleeping.”“First there was a loud noise that sounded like something was colliding with our boat,” he said.“As soon as somebody yelled to put on life jackets, the boat tipped over. There was really little time to pull ourselves together.”The nine crew members who were saved were examined at Yeosu Jeonnam Hospital and were reported to have no health issues, according to the police.




In 2023, with the release of nuclear wastewater from Fukushima under the chin, the Korean society fell into dichotomous confusion. They are ready to go to war against the selfish arguments of politicians, including the president, while leaving clear information behind.On April 13, 2021, the Japanese government announced that it would discharge radioactively contaminated water stored at the site of the Fukushima nuclear power plant into the sea. For two years, completely ignoring world-historical criticism or concerns, citing reasons such as lowering the concentration of radioactive substances in contaminated water stored in tanks below the legal standard or that the treatment policy cannot be delayed for the decommissioning of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant. Later, from 2023, for 30 years, a unilateral decision was made, saying, “I will release it into the ocean.” Regarding this, the international community, especially Pacific coastal countries, regards Japan's discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima as a violation of its sovereignty and is demanding the withdrawal of the discharge.
As the radioactively contaminated water that washed the Fukushima nuclear raw material rods will spread through the ocean current that brought the tsunami in March 2011, Dong-A Ilbo will share the whole story of Fukushima radioactive nuclear wastewater ocean discharge with Democratic Party Busan Geumjeong-gu Regional Committee Chair Kim Gyeong-ji (female). 57-year-old lawyer.Kim Kyung-ji hereafter) heard through Q&A. Mr. Kim Kyung-ji has continued protests such as announcing a resolution against the discharge of Fukushima nuclear wastewater in the Busan area and shaving his head.The following is a Q&A with Mr. Kim Kyung-ji.-You defined Fukushima-contaminated water as ‘nuclear wastewater’. Why?▲ Nuclear wastewater, which the Japanese government calls contaminated water and treated water and has been stored in water tanks for more than 10 years, is the water used to cool the nuclear raw material rods of the Fukushima nuclear power plant, which had a radioactive accident caused by the Great East Japan Earthquake of magnitude 9.0, and will be in the future. This is because it is water that needs to be injected for at least several decades.-Then it is said that it is nuclear waste contaminated with radioactivity. I think an explanation is needed?▲The Fukushima nuclear wastewater, which Japan and the IAEA are gaslighting the world for not affecting the earth's ecosystem even if it is discharged into the ocean, is nuclear waste contaminated by at least 64 nuclides while cooling the nuclear material rods. The problem is that the aforementioned nuclides include a number of radionuclides, such as iodine-129, which has a half-life of 15.7 million years, and cesium-135, which has a half-life of 2.3 million years. This tells us that the end of the world may come together, and it is also a part of the world's leading scholars, regardless of country, race, or religion, who fiercely oppose the ocean discharge of nuclear wastewater from Fukushima. Nonetheless, the Japanese government remains oblivious to the total amount of nuclides contained in nuclear wastewater. It is claimed that radioactive materials fall below the standard value. -"Radiation material is filtered out" and "falls below the standard value." At first glance, I don't know what you're trying to say.▲ It's a lie that comes to mind as soon as you hear it without having to think deeply. This is evidence that the Japanese government and the IAEA are lying to the world to release Fukushima nuclear wastewater into the ocean.-The IAEA is regularly mentioned when talking about the ocean discharge of nuclear wastewater from Fukushima. Could you explain the IAEA?▲IAEA stands for International Atomic Energy Agency, an international organization that prioritizes the expansion of nuclear power through the peaceful use of nuclear power. Asking and entrusting the safety of nuclear wastewater from the Fukushima nuclear power plant to such an organization is a ploy to make a passing dog laugh, cover the sun with the palm of your hand, and entrust the fish to a cat. Therefore, the government of the Republic of Korea, which will be directly hit by the marine discharge of nuclear wastewater from Fukushima, must define the contaminated water as nuclear wastewater as soon as possible and mobilize all of its national capabilities to prevent marine dumping.-The IAEA, which Korea will believe in and follow, is an international organization for the expansion of nuclear power plants.▲ Yes. To ask about the safety of real nuclear waste, it is more reasonable to entrust the verification request to scholars who can predict and calculate the extent of damage caused by nuclear waste rather than the IAEA, where nuclear scientists trained in nuclear proliferation work. However, they do not do so because neither the IAEA nor the Japanese government knows very well that no scholar in the world will vote in favor of discharging Fukushima nuclear wastewater into the ocean.-So, the Japanese government and the IAEA lied in order to discharge the Fukushima nuclear wastewater into the sea. So what did the IAEA lie about?▲ The IAEA classified the Fukushima nuclear accident at the time of the East Japan earthquake in March 2011 as a disaster grade 7. Considering that there are only Fukushima and Chernobyl nuclear accidents in the 7th grade of disaster, the IAEA declared the Chernobyl and Fukushima nuclear accidents as the worst disasters of the 21st century. However, as soon as Japan decided to release nuclear wastewater into the ocean, it expressed its position of “welcome” like a script. That is also the author of the IAEA Secretary-General. Just because the time to go to the bathroom and the time to leave are different, are you saying you can change your mind about radioactive waste disposal, which will be a disaster for all mankind? The IAEA will have to clearly state its position on this, risking the organization's existence. 「Kyungji Kim (female. Attorney, Democratic Party of Korea) shaves her hair at a rally against the ocean discharge of nuclear wastewater from Fukushima」
- Then what kind of lie did the Japanese government lie?▲ In 2016, the Japanese government reviewed measures such as sea discharge, air discharge, underground burial, etc., and said that if the multi-nuclide removal facility Alps is purified, most of the radioactive materials in the nuclear wastewater are removed, leaving tritium and carbon-14. Sea discharge was presented as the best option. However, in August 2018, it was revealed that everything was a blatant lie. 70% of nuclear wastewater stored in nuclear power plant tanks contained radioactive substances such as cesium, strontium, and iodine above the legal standards, and some tanks contained strontium 90, etc. The fact that more than 20,000 times of detection was revealed through various media outlets. Even in this situation, the Yoon Seok-yeol government sent an inspection team according to the guidance of the Japanese government rather than focusing on its own sample collection or independent verification, and now made it clear that it would follow the decision of the IAEA, an international organization for nuclear power plant expansion. This is an act of virtually giving up the national right to protect the lives and safety of the people, and I want to ask who does President Seok-yeol Yoon exist for, and what is the people's power to cover their eyes and shut their mouths for?-If Japan insists, only tritium and carbon-14 will remain if it goes through the Alps, and it can be dumped into the sea. So, are tritium and carbon-14 safe?▲ No. Any radioactive substance that enters the human body causes irreversible problems. In particular, tritium from Fukushima nuclear wastewater, whether it is aquatic product or a land animal that ingests aquatic product, enters the human body and is converted into organically bound tritium, which can cause biological harm due to internal exposure. It suffers from genetic damage, and there is a research result that the degree is more than twice as high as that of cesium, and related academic scholars are expressing concern. Furthermore, Japan has admitted that it cannot filter out tritium even if the multi-nuclide removal facility Alps works perfectly. However, what is more serious is that if nuclear wastewater is discharged from Fukushima, 22 trillion becquerels of tritium will be released into the sea annually. This is 10 times more than the 2.2 trillion becquerels emitted annually at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant prior to the disaster. In a word, it is a self-evident fact that tritium and carbon-14, which the Japanese government has discussed as if they are nothing, will become one of the global catastrophes when dumping in the ocean begins.-Tritium is also a radioactive substance that hits the human body directly along with carbon-14. What role does the multi-nuclide removal facility Alps play?▲Multi-nuclide removal facility Alps is not a device that removes radioactive nuclides, as is known, but a device that reduces their concentration. In particular, radionuclides such as tritium and carbon-14 are not reduced at all. This was also confirmed by the data released by the Japanese government, which suggested that the effectiveness of Alps was checked for only 7 nuclides out of 64 nuclides of pollutants in Fukushima nuclear wastewater. Inspection of the remaining 57 nuclides is, in effect, acting like a dumb ass.▼But why does Japan talk about the Alps as if it were an all-purpose facility?▲In other words, Japan is lying to discharge Fukushima nuclear wastewater into the ocean. It was confirmed through the media that 70% of the contaminated water purified by the Alps in 2018 contained more than the standard level of radioactive substances that were fatal to the human body. A panel of scientists at the Island Nations Forum argued that the data was too poor to properly verify the performance of the Alps. Ferenc Dalnoki Beres, a professor of nuclear physics at Middlebury International Graduate School in the US, said the data provided by Japan to the forum were incomplete, inconsistent and biased, making it unsuitable for making any decisions. He claimed that only a small number of radionuclides, such as cesium-137, were analyzed in samples. In addition, analyzes rarely exceeded nine nuclides, and concerns were expressed that all 64 nuclides had never been analyzed. He concluded that the total amount of radioactivity in nuclear wastewater remains unchanged regardless of whether it is diluted or not, and that Fukushima nuclear wastewater should not be discharged into the ocean. As such, the Japanese government should change its mind even now and discuss and come up with a reasonable nuclear wastewater treatment method for all mankind.-Then, by what procedure was the Fukushima nuclear wastewater discharged to the sea?▲ The Japanese government's Fukushima nuclear wastewater marine discharge, which the Japanese government reviewed in 2016, cost about 2.3 trillion won in Korean money for underground burial, air discharge about 330 billion won, and ocean discharge about 32.1 billion won. The decision was made based on the calculation of cost. Although all countries on the planet, including neighboring countries such as Korea, China, and Taiwan, oppose this, only Japan insists on releasing nuclear wastewater to the ocean. The funny thing is that the IAEA, which declared Fukushima as the worst disaster of the 21st century along with Chernobyl, now welcomes it, and the power of the people and the Yoon Seok-yeol regime, who risked their lives throughout the Moon Jae-in administration, bowed their heads to follow even while dividing public opinion.- Then, it seems that there is a corner to believe that the Japanese government is releasing Fukushima nuclear wastewater into the ocean.▲ Yes. The corner that the Japanese government believes in the ocean discharge of Fukushima nuclear wastewater is none other than the IAEA. Japan shares 8.32% of the IAEA's regular budget, the third largest after the United States and China, and the IAEA operates one of its four liaison offices in Tokyo, Japan. Looking at this, the Japanese government and the IAEA are in a relationship where they can voice one voice as if they were one body if necessary, and it seems that they have been doing so for the past 12 years over the Fukushima nuclear wastewater ocean discharge. This is because the amicable end of the Fukushima nuclear power plant disaster will bring benefits to the Japanese government by saving the cost of dealing with the nuclear accident and to the IAEA by continuing to expand nuclear power plants. For such a common benefit, the world has closed its ears and mouths and has placed a mantra that ocean discharge is the best. It would be problematic to say that Prime Minister Han Deok-soo and other members of the Yoon Seok-yeol regime did not know this fact, but if they knew and still supported the ocean release, this would be an act of deceiving the public and isolating the country from the international community.-Then, can you explain what would be a wise choice to do in the current situation?▲ The important thing is that radioactive pollutants must not be discharged or dumped into the sea anywhere, including Fukushima. This must be, above all else, a global option for the present and future, and from that perspective, the Fukushima nuclear wastewater discharge must also be withdrawn. In addition, a more reasonable method should be discussed and treated regardless of race, national religion, and even in Japan, the case of oil stockpile facilities is used to store in large tanks, and as in the case of the Savannah River nuclear facility in the United States, nuclear wastewater is mixed with cement and sand. Various discussions are taking place, such as concreting and storing in a tank.- If you have one last word▲ In discussing the Fukushima nuclear wastewater discharge, the Yoon Seok-yeol government's actions were dogmatic and self-righteous. It is self-evident that the Fukushima nuclear wastewater discharge into the ocean will seriously threaten the safety of future generations, but without fierce verification efforts or communication with the National Assembly, the public has closed their eyes and blocked their ears, adding to the confusion. Even so, I don't think it's too late. Why do the ruling and opposition parties have to fight with different words and different actions when it comes to the safety of future generations? I hope that the Yoon Seok-yeol administration will take the lead in the humanitarian movement to protect and preserve the earth from Fukushima nuclear wastewater by providing correct information to the people and promoting cooperation between the ruling and opposition parties. 







The Incheon Maritime Traffic Control Center of the Central Regional Maritime Police Agency announced that it caught Captain A (male, 56 years old) operating a tug while drunk in the sea in front of Incheon Port at 8:34 a.m. on the 4th.According to the Central Coast Guard, the Incheon Port Maritime Traffic Control Center (Incheon Port VTS) suspected that the tug line length of the tug vessel sailing at Incheon South Port, which departed Incheon South Port at 6:51 a.m. on November 4, exceeded 200 meters, and reported by radio We provided continuous guidance and guidance to ensure compliance with relevant laws and regulations.However, at 7:11 a.m. on the same day, as a result of checking the CCTV footage of the tugboat passing through Incheon Bridge, it was confirmed that the tugboat line exceeded 200 meters in length and was still operating, and requested the Central Coast Guard General Situation Room to crack down on the violation of navigation rules. .Incheon Marine Police Station 121, which was dispatched after receiving a crackdown request, conducted a breathalyzer test at approximately 8:34 a.m. on November 4, and Captain A's blood alcohol content was found to be 0.091%, exceeding the standard of 0.03%.Under the Maritime Safety Act, Captain A can be imprisoned for between 1 and 2 years or fined between 10 million and 20 million won for drunken driving.Park Seong-woo, director of the Incheon Maritime Traffic Control Center, said, “The Maritime Traffic Control Center and the on-site security vessel worked together to catch the tug captain driving under the influence of alcohol.” “We are strengthening surveillance,” he said, urging caution.Meanwhile, tugboat is a combination of tugboat and barge. A tugboat is a vessel that moves another vessel by pulling or pushing it, and a barge is a vessel that sails by being pulled or pushed by another vessel because it does not have its own propulsion device.In addition, for ships exceeding 200 meters in length, according to the 'Act on Ship Entry and Departure, etc.', when a tugboat sails towing another vessel in the water area of a trade port, the length from the bow of the tugboat to the stern of the towed ship is It must not exceed 200 meters. (Fine less than 3 million won)In addition, the Gyeongin Coastal Maritime Traffic Control Center (Gyeongin Coastal VTS) of the Central Regional Coast Guard held a 'Visiting Vessel Traffic Controller Career' program for about 60 first-year students at Incheon Maritime High School from 3:20 to 4:20 p.m. on the 6th. He stated that he had received 'education'.According to the Central Coast Guard, the career training conducted by two controllers at the Gyeongin Coastal Maritime Traffic Control Center was conducted in the following order: main tasks of the maritime traffic control center, introduction to maritime traffic controller duties, career guidance for maritime traffic controllers, and Q&A.On this day, a current maritime traffic controller honestly told students about the reasons for choosing a career, practical experience, and know-how, and provided maritime students who are considering choosing a high school credit system* course in the marine traffic control field an opportunity to explore a career path that suits their level.Baek Seung-yeol, director of the Gyeongin Coastal Maritime Traffic Control Center, said, “In May of this year, we introduced a career path for ship traffic controllers at Incheon Maritime High School, and the response from students was so great that we provided career training for the second time.” He added, “We will continue to train excellent ship traffic controllers in the future.” “To achieve this, we will continue to provide vocational career education.”Vessel traffic controllers belong to the Korea Coast Guard and are responsible for ensuring vessel traffic safety and protecting marine facilities at 19 Vessel Traffic Service (VTS) centers across the country. Currently, there are about 500 people in Korea (police officers and General employees) are working.Meanwhile, in order to become a ship traffic controller in Korea, you must obtain a level 5 mate or higher license and have at least one year of experience on board, or complete ship traffic control training at an educational institution (high school or university) and obtain a level 5 navigator or higher license. .




Jeonnam Province, pilot installation of the nation’s first seawater radioactivity continuous monitoring system.On the 4th, the territorial waters of Wando and Yeodo Island... Scheduled to operate automatically 24 hours a day, strengthening marine radiation monitoring including real-time radiation concentration analysis.(Muan = Break News) Reporter Haksu Lee = Jeonnam Province installed a real-time radioactivity continuous monitoring system on a pilot basis on the 4th on the 4th in Wando and Yeodo Island, the starting point of Korea's territorial waters, to verify the safety of radioactive contamination of seawater due to the discharge of contaminated water from Japan's Fukushima nuclear power plant into the sea last August. The real-time radioactivity continuous monitoring system is scheduled to be operated automatically and unmanned 24 hours a day, and will inspect the radioactivity concentrations of gamma nuclides (cesium and iodine) and beta nuclides (tritium) in real time.Test results are notified to tourists and residents in real time through monitors installed on-site, and are also transmitted to Jeollanam-do and Wando-gun, which is expected to strengthen immediate response capabilities in case of problems.In the case of marine radioactivity testing currently being carried out at 59 locations in the Jeonnam region (48 coastal and 11 far-offshore), the process of moving to the peak for seawater collection, sampling, radioactivity testing, and announcing the results requires an average of at least 4 days per session, manpower, costs, etc. This is needed.However, the installation of a real-time continuous monitoring system for seawater radiation not only makes efficient testing possible, but also allows testing without being affected by weather conditions or the marine environment.The real-time seawater radiation continuous monitoring equipment being installed this time was developed through a government research support project. It received test certification from the Korea Institute of Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering, a Korean Accreditation Organization (KOLAS), and its technology was recognized by supplying it to the Republic of Korea Navy.Choi Jeong-gi, director of the Jeonnam Provincial Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Bureau, said, “The ‘Marine Radiation Continuous Monitoring System’, which will be installed for the first time in the country, will be a good opportunity to inform the public about the safety of Jeonnam waters and produced marine products.” He added, “We will continue to monitor the safety of contaminated water from Japanese nuclear power plants and related marine products.” “We will further strengthen this so that people can consume marine products with peace of mind,” he said.Meanwhile, Jeonnam Province expanded inspections of produced seafood to more than 1,200 cases for all varieties to ensure the safety of seafood. Radioactivity tests are also being conducted at 19 production sites before distribution. In addition, we are thoroughly managing fishery products by operating a village system for safe management.




No casualties occurred during the Incheon Coast Guard and Chuseok holidays.1 increase in marine accidents compared to the previous year... No casualties due to preemptive preventive activities-Break News Incheon Reporter Park Sang-do During the Chuseok holiday this year, the Incheon Maritime Police Station conducted preemptive preventive patrols, and there were no casualties such as deaths or disappearances.During the Chuseok holiday (4 days) this year, there were 9 marine accidents, an increase of one from the previous year, and the number of multi-use ship users was 80,053 this year, a decrease of 17.5% from 97,227 the previous year (5 days holiday), but the daily average number of passengers was 20,013. This is a 2.9% increase from 19,445 people in the previous year.During the Chuseok holiday period, the Incheon Coast Guard focused on intensively deploying security vessels in 19 routes including passenger ships and pilotage within Incheon, inspecting and reinforcing the management of key management targets such as vulnerable coastal areas, intensive patrols in areas prone to accidents, and maintaining an emergency posture for maritime accidents 24 hours a day. As a result, no casualties occurred. In addition, safety management was strengthened by conducting 118 on-site inspections of long-distance water leisure equipment, multi-use vessels such as fishing boats and guide boats, and 113 safety inspections. 5 cases were arrested.Marine accidents that occurred mainly during the Chuseok holiday were found to be marine engine failures and coastal isolation accidents.An official from the Incheon Coast Guard said, "We will continue to do our best to become a maritime police trusted by the people without slowing down the tension for the lives and safety of the people."
 








AT SEA GERMANY NORTH SEA SHIP COLLISION

Two freight vessels collide off German island of Borkum

A handout photo made available by the Havariekommando shows the collision of two freight vessels, the EEMS COBALT (R) and the PAKSOY 1 (L) off the coast of the North Sea island of Borkum, Germany, 16 November 2018. Two freighters have collided in the evening of 15 November for unknown reasons, about 25km off the coast of Borkum.




Jeonnam Province, seafood radioactivity test results show that all fish are safe. Province conducts daily radiation tests on seafood after Fukushima nuclear accident... Thorough safety management, including radioactivity testing at each stage of seafood production and distribution (Muan = Break News) Reporter Haksu Lee = Jeonnam Province announced that all radioactivity tests on seafood at each stage of production and distribution in the province in preparation for Chuseok were judged to be ‘suitable’. Jeonnam Province has been conducting radioactivity tests on seafood every day to relieve residents' anxiety about local seafood and verify its safety after the Fukushima nuclear power plant accident in March 2011. (Photo) Radioactivity testing for seafood at the production stage and radioactivity for seafood at the distribution stage in the province All test results were found to be suitable. The radioactivity test at the province's production centers (19 locations) and the seafood safety village (62 sea areas), which began after the discharge of contaminated water on August 24, were both judged qualified. The government bans the import of marine products produced in eight prefectures, including Fukushima. In addition, Jeonnam Province is thoroughly managing marine products imported from Japan through distribution history management and country of origin labeling crackdown. Radiation tests were also conducted on 861 salt farms in the province, which account for 92% of domestic sea salt production, and all were judged to be suitable, and untested salt farms are scheduled to be completed by October. Choi Jeong-gi, head of the Jeonnam Provincial Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Bureau, said, “Jeonnam is the No. 1 seafood production base in the country, and we are expanding seawater surveillance and conducting radioactivity tests on production and distribution marine products in order to allay the concerns of residents and strengthen the safety of marine products in the production and distribution stages.” “I believe in the safety of Jeonnam seafood and hope you have a happy Chuseok with healthy and delicious seafood,” he said. Residents who want to relieve anxiety about seafood and check its safety can do so through the national application radioactivity analysis project.






The Incheon Coast Guard announced on the 31st that it had conducted a public-private joint maritime response drill in preparation for a large-scale oil spill off the coast of Wolmido, Jung-gu, Incheon. According to the Incheon Coast Guard, 6 organizations and organizations, including the Incheon Regional Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Office, Incheon Central Fire Station, and Korea Marine Environment Corporation, 13 ships and 114 people participated in the drill. They trained on the assumption that a 1,500-ton oil tanker and a 120-ton tugboat collided at sea in front of the GS Caltex Logistics Center shipping pier near Wolmi-do, Jung-gu, followed by a leak of 10㎘ of cargo oil (B/A) and a fire. The main contents of the training were emergency measures for the accident ship (self-transportation of oil, etc.), blockade of the breach area, installation of oil fences, maritime control operations, fire suppression, etc. Additional training was conducted to block the perforated area in the middle. An official from the Incheon Coast Guard said, "In the event of a large-scale oil spill, joint training is essential to minimize damage from marine pollution. We will always do our best to maintain a rapid response posture."




Kim Yeong-gyu, Mayor of Yeosu City, “The threat of contaminated water from the Japanese nuclear power plant.. The city government must take a hard line”
All capabilities must be put in to keep citizens safe and reduce damage to the fishing industry.. Time to prepare is over... When the plan is thoroughly executed
reporter goYongbae. On the 24th, Yeosu City Council Chairman Kim Yeong-kyu strongly urged, “The city government must respond with all its might to the threat of contaminated water from the Japanese nuclear power plant.” Chairman Kim first criticized the Japanese government, saying, "I strongly condemn the Japanese government for making an irresponsible decision to discharge contaminated water despite the concerns and opposition of people around the world, and I hope that the discharge will be stopped immediately." He then emphasized the need for the city government to respond, saying, "We must come up with our own measures and actively respond to protect the health and safety of citizens and the livelihood of local fishermen." The Yeosu City Council has raised its voice several times over the withdrawal of the plan to discharge contaminated water from the Japanese nuclear power plant. In February 2020, starting with the ‘resolution calling for the withdrawal of the marine discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan’, a total of eight withdrawals of the discharge plan and statements urging the government to take countermeasures were announced until this year. As the city government's response plan, Chairman Kim mentioned the establishment of a seafood safety center worth 5.4 billion won, the installation of a seawater radiation monitoring system in the fishing guide ship, and the establishment of a plan to use a portable radiation monitor. Chairman Kim emphasized the execution of the response plan, saying, “The time to prepare for contaminated water from nuclear power plants is over,” and “Now is the time to thoroughly implement the prepared plan.” He added, "We strongly urge the city government to put all its capabilities and respond with all its might to protect the safety of citizens and reduce damage to the fisheries industry." He also ordered that “continuous monitoring of radioactivity in nearby waters and strengthening of the safety surveillance network so that citizens can feel at ease.”
Lastly, "We must actively publicize the safety of marine products in Yeosu, the No. 1 fishery city, to prevent a decline in consumption," and asked to "strictly control the country of origin labeling, measure the radioactivity of local aquatic products, and disclose the results transparently." did.




Management InsightThe author is president and CEO of SK Energy. -- Ed.As-is recognition and direction of changeSince its establishment in the 1960s and as Korea's first domestic oil company, SK Energy has been at the forefront of building Korea into a global economic powerhouse and major exporter. It is a global refining company capable of producing 840,000 barrels of petroleum products per day with the best facilities and operational competitiveness among refineries and within the Asia Pacific region.However, recently, the business environment surrounding the petroleum industry has been changing rapidly and powerfully. In the recent years, the spread of Green & Digital Paradigms, a foundational environmental change, has been continuing according to the signing and implementation of the Paris Climate Agreement, the development and rapid spread of electric vehicle technology, and the groundbreaking development in ICT technology as we entered the 4th industrial revolution. And this year, in the context of COVID-19, these social changes in the non-petroleum oil and non-face-to-face directions are accelerating.We believe the petroleum industry has already entered a structural decline in oil demand due to the current changes toward non-petroleum oil and non-face-to-face directions. Compared to the average in 2019, the global oil demand in the second quarter of this year decreased by about 20%. We think that this may not be a temporary decrease in demand, but a new normal of lower petroleum oil usage.Even if the global COVID-19 situation eases, we expect that human civilization will continue to shift toward using less oil in all aspects of society, economy, education, and leisure.Also, amidst this low-carbon energy paradigm shift, we cannot survive or grow in this new normal with only our existing business portfolio focused on the existing oil business. Moreover, if the opportunity cost for greenhouse gas emissions in the future becomes a carbon cost that is imposed on the company, the profitability of the existing BM will decrease even more.Accordingly, SK Energy is pursuing a deep change that boldly breaks the mold of the existing business structure and working method.The key to SK Energy's deep change is to significantly reduce the proportion of oil business and change the BM to focus the company's resources on promising businesses. Based on eco-friendliness and digital technologies, we are innovating the business model in the two directions of 'Green' and 'Platform'. Through this, we plan to grow with our stakeholders and create social value. Considering the current rapidly changing business environment, it is necessary to transform the business model fast. To this end, SK Energy is concentrating all of its capacity.Business Model Innovation ① Green1. Securing carbon reduction technologies: SK Energy is making every effort to secure innovative technologies that can reduce greenhouse gases. A large quantity of greenhouse gas is generated in the process of producing petroleum products, which is why the oil industry is a representative greenhouse gas emission industry in Korea.SK Energy is taking the lead in discovering CCU (Carbon Capture & Utilization) technology that captures greenhouse gases (CO2) and reuses them as biofuels or raw chemical materials through chemical and biological processes. The head office and the technology institute are collaborating to research our own promising CCU technology, and we plan to invest actively in technologies or start-ups that are considered to have high future growth potential through collaboration with external technology experts.2. Eco-friendly biofuel production and renewable energy business promotion: The need for eco-friendly low-carbon fuels is continuing to increase with the spread of the green paradigm. According to the risk of the carbon bubble (the bubble reflected in the value of fossil fuel companies with the premise of achieving the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement), the corporate value of existing fossil energy-related companies is continuously falling. Accordingly, major oil companies such as Shell and BP are reorganizing their portfolios around low-carbon businesses such as natural gas and renewable energy.SK Energy is also participating in this trend and is considering new growth options for eco-friendly biofuels instead of the existing petroleum products. We are reviewing ways to produce eco-friendly biodiesel and bio aviation oil using the manufacturing facilities and infrastructure of the existing petroleum products. We plan to pursue global cooperation if necessary over the course of promoting the business.In addition, we are continuously exploring renewable energy business opportunities. Currently, around 10 SK Energy gas stations and NeTruck Houses are producing electricity through solar panel installations. We plan to keep expanding and will continue to review eco-friendly businesses that are the best fit for oil companies based on renewable energy such as solar power and hydrogen.3. Environmental business promotion in the water & waste areas: We are also considering ways to expand our business to the waste treatment area after entering the industrial water/waste O&M (operation & maintenance). SK Energy possesses the asset of a comprehensive wastewater treatment at the Ulsan Complex and has the capacity to effectively operate it. Based on this, we are reviewing entering the water treatment business and expanding the business area to the field of waste such as biogas production, waste energy conversion, land restoration, and waste landfill treatment. We will also continue to discuss ways to integrate and implement the water & waste businesses of other affiliates within SK Innovation such as recycling plastics.At the same time, we are working on the conversion of existing petroleum products into eco-friendly products. In order to respond proactively to the strengthened marine oil sulfur content standards, we have built eco-friendly Vacuum Residue Desulfurization (VRDS) and started manufacturing eco-friendly marine oil this year. In addition, we developed and are supplying eco-friendly asphalt, such as 'premium asphalt' that can be used to pave roads more quickly at lower temperatures. This 'PMA (polymer modified asphalt)' can be used twice as much as the existing asphalt and another product, 'recycled asphalt' uses recycled asphalt cement.Business Model Innovation ② PlatformThe platform business that SK Energy is aiming for, along with the online and mobile platforms, is a business that offers new values in the areas of ① convenience, ② mobility, and ③ energy solutions to the gas stations and nearby customers by dramatically transforming the offline network of about 3,000 gas stations distributed nationwide.This is also an example of SK Group's representative business model innovation that incorporates the concept of shared infrastructure.SK Energy's current core platform projects are LDP (Local Delivery Platform), CCP (Car Care Platform), and Energy Solution Platform.1. LDP (Local Delivery Platform), Living Convenience: In 2018, we successfully introduced a new concept delivery service “Home Pick” that enables goods to be picked up at a designated time and place as ordained by the customers based on gas stations.Based on Home Pick, we are reviewing platform businesses in Returns (collect/store products returned by customers and resell), Reform (matches verified reform craftsman with customer to deliver reformed products), and within the field of recycling.2. CCP (Car Care Platform), Mobility: Recently, we launched a platform service called “Muffin” that can manage integrated vehicle management services such as smart refueling, car washing, valet parking, and maintenance.Among the various services of Muffin, smart fueling, which premiered last June, is a service that offers new values to fueling customers based on digital technology. Fueling customers can pre-pray on their smartphones using a one-touch methods and can also use voice fueling, which fuels the car using a voice recognition method.In the future, Muffin is considering the changes in the mobility industry and is reviewing electric vehicle charging services, and through this we plan to evolve it into a "comprehensive platform for electric vehicle solution."3. Energy Solution Platform: We are also considering an energy solution platform based on future energy such assolar power and hydrogen. We are considering the direction for the electric vehicle or commercial hydrogen vehicle charging business by producing electricity and hydrogen through installation of fuel cells or solar power generators in over 3,000 gas stations nationwide. Through this, we plan to use gas stations as a base for the energy solution business, rather than centrally as the existing oil business. In the long term, we are also considering entering the Micro Grid business that supplies electricity to nearby areas.SK Energy’s Future VisionSK Energy intends to convert its business model into one with a focus on 'Green' and 'Platform'in order to become a company that survives and grows despite changes in the business environment.Through this, we plan to dramatically transform the Ulsan Complex into an <Eco-Friendly Low Carbon Business Hub> and gas stations into<Mobility & Energy Solution Hubs>.Also, in order to succeed through these significant changes we are pursuing, we cannot simply pursue business model innovation. Comparing to a car, if the business model innovation is the body of the car, I believe the wheels that actually enable the car to move arethe "fast and bold organizational culture" that is different from the existing culture.To this point, SK Energy maintained a very cautious and meticulous organizational culture due to the nature of the oil business, wherein small mistakes could lead to major accidents. However, on the other hand, I believe this type of organizational culture became a barrier preventing fast and bold decision-making, and it was a factor that inhibited business model innovation.The new motto of SK Energy's organizational culture is,"There are no failed executions." The world is rapidly changing in complex ways, so it is important to execute tasks quickly. After the execution, it is important to continue to modify and change little-by-little to upgrade the BM.I will try my best to change the organizational culture so that more members ask, "how can I make this work?" or "if I'm not sure, should I try it first?" before asking "will this work?"Ultimately, it is our goal that SK Energy is recognized as a promising and forward-thinking company in the future by all financial societies, and that we continue to grow. In order to achieve these goals, we will quickly and powerfully implement disruptive innovation that breaks the mold of the existing oil business.Cho Kyong-mokcontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution








On the morning of the 5th, North Korea conducted artillery firing drills in Baengnyeong Island and Yeonpyeong Island in the northern part of the West Sea.The Joint Chiefs of Staff said in a briefing at 1:30 p.m. that the North fired more than 200 rounds at Jangsan Cape in the northern part of Baengnyeong Island and Hiking Cape in the northern part of Yeonpyeong Island between 9 a.m. and 11 a.m. Wednesday. "The site of the impact was the northern part of the Northern Limit Line (NLL) in the West Sea, and there was no damage to the South Korean military or residents," the South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff said.However, for the safety of the residents of Yeonpyeong Island, the military informed Ongjin-gun of the North Korean provocation and contacted them to induce residents to evacuate.In response, the Yeonpyeong-myeon office in Ongjin-gun made two evacuation broadcasts to residents at 12:02 p.m. and 12:30 p.m. that day.It was also the day the Yeonpyeong unit of the Marine Corps had a maritime shooting exercise scheduled. The exercise resumed five years after the September 19 military agreement was scrapped.In response, the Yeonpyeong-myeon office also announced to the residents of Yeonpyeong Island through an emergency disaster text message, "As the Yeonpyeong unit will fire at sea from 15 o'clock this day, residents should move to a nearby shelter as soon as they listen to the broadcast."




The Incheon Maritime Police Station announced that it will do its best to prevent marine accidents in winter, such as safety management of incoming and outgoing ships and strengthening of the public-private cooperation system to prepare for marine accidents in winter by February next year.According to the Incheon Coast Guard, as a result of analyzing marine ship accidents during the winter season for the past three years (2019-2021), the most frequent accidents occurred in the following order: flooding, stranding, fire, collision, sinking, and capsize. Among them, if we look only at flooding and fire accidents, which are highly likely to cause casualties, the average number of ships in spring and autumn (March to October) is 1.5 and 0.6 ships, respectively, whereas in winter (November to February), 5.7 and 2.2 ships are about 4 appeared about twice as high.In particular, it was analyzed that the number of fire accidents caused by negligence in using heating appliances in ships and the increase in flood accidents of ships that were moored for a long time due to the off-season and rest period were analyzed.Human negligence, such as poor maintenance, negligence in operation, and negligence in management, accounted for 85.8% of the causes of marine ship accidents.Accordingly, the Incheon Maritime Police Station established an area prone to accidents during the winter season, strengthened the emergency response posture such as dispatching rescue forces, safety management to prevent ship accidents in case of bad weather, strengthened the warning system for tug boat operation and the safety management of long-distance fishing vessels, and strengthened patrol in vulnerable areas. It is also planned to respond thoroughly by strengthening the cooperative system for rescue and rescue resources in the private sector.According to an official of the Incheon Coast Guard, “there is a high probability of marine accidents due to the drop in temperature and bad weather due to the nature of the winter season. We ask for attention and interest in preventing accidents.”







Computer to Diagnose Real-time ConditionsA trial run of the 180,000-ton Liquid Natural Gas (LNG) propelled bulk carrier built by Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries and delivered to H-LINE Shipping.HD Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering, a core subsidiary of HD Hyundai, has delivered the world’s first ship equipped with an “AI engineer.” Recently, HD Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering announced that it delivered a 180,000-ton Liquid Natural Gas (LNG) powered bulk carrier equipped with an AI-based automation solution to H-LINE Shipping. The ship was constructed at Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries in Yeongam, South Jeolla Province.The engine automation solution co-developed and installed by HD Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering and H-LINE Shipping comprises the Integrated Condition Monitoring Solution (HiCBM) and the Integrated Safety Control Solution (HiCAMS). Both solutions diagnose the real-time condition of key ship equipment and intelligently detect emergencies, such as fires. They function as AI crew members, replacing human engineers and deck crew during operations.HiCBM monitors and manages core ship devices such as propulsion engines, compressors, and pumps in real-time. The AI can detect and prevent potential malfunctions during navigation, ensuring smooth sailing. HiCAMS, using onboard CCTV, allows the AI to detect and analyze safety-related events in real time, playing a vital role in ensuring the safety of the ship and its crew.Both systems can be applied to ships currently in operation, suggesting a potential expansion of the AI-based automation solution market.During the trial run, the systems’ safety and reliability were verified under the supervision of the American Bureau of Shipping (ABS). Last September, they achieved Basic Certification (AIP) from ABS.Last June, HD Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering’s affiliate, Avikus, became the first in the world to successfully cross the ocean with a large ship equipped with an autonomous navigation system. With the commercialization of this automation solution, the maritime industry is one step closer to the era of “unmanned ships” where long-duration voyages can be undertaken without navigators, engineers, or deck crew.Jasmine Choipr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




South Korea’s military has indicted a former Marine investigator for disobeying the defense minister’s orders not to refer a probe into a Marine’s death to police, and for later defaming the minister by publicly suggesting that the chief had wanted to let accused generals off the hook. “The charges laid out today amount to a violation that could seriously hurt discipline and morale among troops,” military prosecutors said in a statement, adding that efforts will be made to prove the allegations before the court.
Col. Park Jung-hun maintained that he did not receive an explicit order from the defense minister telling him not to hand over the case of Cpl. Chae Su-geun’s death to police. The Marine draftee died in July during a search and rescue operation to find victims of the heavy rains over the summer. Chae’s death raised concerns over whether sufficient safety precautions were taken during the operation. Park, who was fired from his post once military prosecutors took back the case from police, has also suggested in media interviews that he had faced outside political pressure to drop the charges against one- and two-star generals, a claim military prosecutors have denied. The indictment Friday does not pin blame for Chae’s death on the generals in question. In late August, military prosecutors sought to detain Park after questioning, but the court refused to approve the arrest warrant, citing insufficient grounds that the officer might tamper with evidence or flee from authorities. Two more rounds of questioning have taken place since then, before the military turned over the case to court Friday.




epaselect JAPAN SHIP COLLISION

US Navy ship collides with a container ship off the coast of Japan

epaselect epa06032661 With the help of tugboats, the US Navy destroyer USS Fitzgerald returns to Yokosuka Naval Base after its collision with the container ship ACX Crystal off the coast of Yokosuka, Japan, 17 June 2017. Media reports state that seven US Navy crew members are missing and one was injured in the collision. 




In Daegu, the event will begin at 7 am on January 1st at Sunrise Hill in Dong-gu, a representative sunrise location, and events will also be held at sunrise spots in Suseong-gu, Dalseo-gu, Apsan in Nam-gu, Buk-gu, and Dalseong. In Gyeongbuk, sunrise events are scheduled in 21 cities and counties at Homigot and Yeongdeok Samsa Marine Park. However, Gyeongbuk-do does not hold provincial-level events to prevent avian influenza and ‘lumpiskin’. Homigot, Pohang, a famous sunrise spot, will host the ‘Homigot Korean Sunrise Festival’ from the 31st to January 1st of next year. In Gyeongju, the ‘New Year’s Sea Dragon Festival’ will be held in the area of King Munmu’s Tomb on January 1st, starting with the ‘New Year’s Eve Bell Ringing Ceremony’ on the night of the 31st in the Bonghwangdae area. Starting on the 31st, Gumi City will hold a 'New Year's Citizens' Well-Being and Happiness Wishing Event' at Dongrak Park Square, and will hold a event in Cheongsong (upper dam of pumped storage power plant), Yeongdeok (Samsa Marine Park), Goryeong (Daegaya Living Village), Seongju (Gayasan History and Myth Park), etc. Bell-ringing ceremonies and sunrise events are also scheduled to be held in Chilgok (Craft Theme Park), Uljin (Mangyangjeong Beach), and Bonghwa (location undetermined). New Year's events are also held everywhere. Gimcheon City will hold a bell-ringing ceremony to welcome the New Year at the Gimcheon Citizen's Grand Bell, and Andong City will hold a sunrise event at the Andong International Convention Center. Events are also scheduled in Yeongju, Sangju, Mungyeong, Gyeongsan, Uiseong, Yeongyang, Yecheon, and Ulleung. Meanwhile, as large-scale events involving large numbers of city and provincial residents are held simultaneously after the coronavirus pandemic, awareness of safety is also being demanded. At the 343rd 2nd regular meeting and the 3rd Culture and Environment Committee held on the 11th, Rep. Jeong Gyeong-min of the Gyeongbuk Provincial Council said, “Even if it is the same event every year, climate change and “We must take into account that the scale of the event may vary due to environmental impacts, etc.,” he said. “In the case of the upcoming sunrise event on January 1, 2024, it is expected that more and more people will flock due to the meaning of the ‘Year of the Dragon Dragon’ and the general election. “There is a need for thorough inspection and planning to prepare for safety,” he said, requesting special attention and inspection from the executive branch. In addition, at the Budget and Settlement Committee, Rep. Park Gyu-tak (proportional, vice-chairman of the Culture and Environment Committee) said, “Safety issues are being raised at the Sunrise Festival,” and added, “The Disaster and Safety Office as well as the Autonomous Administration Bureau are using all methods to ensure safety inspection as well as preparedness.” “We must do our best,” he ordered. Regarding this, Gyeongbuk Province said, “As we expect a large number of residents to flock to the area, we will focus our utmost attention on safety issues to ensure a safe New Year.”




CG Bio, a regenerative medicine company, said Thursday that it has signed a business agreement with the Research Center for Marine-integrated Biomedical Technology (MiBC) at Pukyong National University (PKNU) and the Korea Institute of Ocean Science & Technology (KIOST) to develop medical ingredients and products using fishery by-products. Under the terms of the agreement, PKNU and KIOST will develop basic and applied technologies to utilize marine by-products as medical ingredients and products, providing laboratory and research infrastructure. CG Bio will be responsible for the entire process of product production and commercialization based on the technologies developed in cooperation. Fishery by-products, including bones, fins, guts, and shells, are incidental to the primary product during the capture, harvesting, farming, and processing of fish. They represent a natural resource and one of the raw materials with a sustainable supply. Despite this, fishery by-products are often discarded due to legal restrictions, demanding the need for industry and academia to find ways to utilize them. The three organizations will utilize marine fishery resources to develop medical materials and products with enhanced safety and the ability to promote tissue regeneration and wound healing compared to existing materials, CG Bio said. In particular, through industry-academia-government cooperation, CG Bio can leverage the capabilities of universities and research institutes to develop innovative technologies, products, and new business models, while universities and research institutes have the advantage of accumulating specialized knowledge and skills in their fields. Furthermore, the development of innovative technologies and products is expected to contribute to the regional and national economies by promoting economic growth and enhancing competitiveness in industrial sectors. KIOST is a comprehensive marine research institute and has been leading the development of marine science and technology for 45 years since its establishment in October 1973 by continuously expanding the research infrastructure required for marine research. the Research Center for MiBC is an institution with high expertise in convergence technology, developing various medical products and source technologies by combining marine-derived materials with next-generation biotechnology. "Although marine by-products have been proven to promote tissue regeneration and wound healing through basic research around the world, the commercialization process, including various regulations, technology development, and facility construction, has been difficult for many companies to challenge," said Yu Hyun-seung, CEO of CG Bio. "We will strive to develop competitive products through cooperation between industry and academia to supply products with better effects to patients."




K10 Ammunition Resupply Vehicle (left) and K9 Thunder SPH artillery system (right)Founded in 1977, Hanwha Aerospace has become a leading company in the aerospace industry in South Korea. Today, its products serve not only aerospace but also the defense and marine sectors. With an unwavering focus on customer-centric quality management, technological innovation, and product competitiveness reinforced by advanced technologies, it is surging forward as a global leader in the burgeoning space and aerospace business as well as in the land, sea, and air defense industries.Its Space Division boasts unparalleled expertise in space launch vehicle engines. It has successfully produced six liquid propellant engines for Nuri, the Korea Space Launch Vehicle-II (KSLV-II), in addition to producing key components such as turbo pumps and valves, attitude control systems, and thruster test facilities. Its state-of-the-art technologies are helping advance South Korea’s space and aerospace industry. In June 2022, South Korea achieved a remarkable milestone by launching a 1-ton satellite into space using only domestic technology, the seventh country in the world to do so. The Space Division played a critical role in developing the 75-ton liquid rocket engine for Nuri, taking the country’s space technology to the next level.In December 2022, Hanwha Aerospace was appointed system integrator for the Korea Space Launch Vehicle Program in recognition of its proven capabilities in business execution and technological expertise. Starting with Nuri’s third launch for the first half of 2023, and through a total of four additional launches by 2027, it will achieve its goal of having system integration and launch operation technologies transferred from the Korea Aerospace Research Institute. In doing so, it will be able to upgrade existing launch vehicle technology and lead efforts to create a robust space industry ecosystem. It is also committed to progressively improving our core capabilities in developing successor projects to Nuri for the next generation of launch vehicles, including localizing core components, introducing lighter-weight materials, and enhancing engine performance.In addition to developing launch vehicles, the Space Division is focusing on building a value chain for the space industry. In 2021, it acquired a 30% stake in Satrec Initiative, a South Korean developer of core satellite technologies that support Space Eye-T, a constellation of the world’s highest-resolution Earth observation imaging satellites. It is also partnering to develop future businesses that will utilize satellite data. As a key supporting affiliate of Space Hub, Hanwha’s oversight venture into the space industry, the company is actively exploring a variety of future business opportunities that bring together its existing strengths and capabilities in the space industry.Lithium-ion battery systems for submarinesHanwha’s Electric Propulsion System Division is growing as an eco-friendly powertrain supplier in urban air mobility (UAM), a promising area of growth in future mobility. It is developing a highly reliable electromechanical actuator for next-generation transportation as well as hydrogen fuel cell systems for UAM. By 2025, it aims to take the lead in creating an ecosystem for the domestic UAM market by securing core technologies for hydrogen fuel cells for aviation. Leveraging its lithium-ion battery systems for submarines, it is also developing a next-generation energy storage system (ESS) optimized for general ships, which will allow the company to lead in the eco-friendly ship market.The 75-ton liquid propellant engine for Nuri, the Korea Space Launch Vehicle-IIAdvanced jet trainer/light fighter engine (F404-102)Building on its extensive expertise in aircraft engine technology, the Engine Parts Division has become a key partner of global aviation engine companies such as GE, Rolls-Royce, and Pratt & Whitney, which has strengthened the company’s competitive stance around the globe. Hanwha continues to expand its global network, including in overseas production subsidiaries. In 2016, the company entered into a joint venture with Pratt & Whitney to operate a Singaporean manufacturing company as well as a Risk and Revenue Sharing Partnership (RSP) designed to co-build a next-generation aircraft engine. In 2017, it established a production base in Vietnam to improve its cost competitiveness and increase production capacity. In 2019, Hanwha acquired EDAC Technologies, a U.S. aircraft engine component manufacturer, and launched Hanwha Aerospace USA to expand its product portfolio and leverage high-end processing technology.At Hanwha’s Land Systems (LS) Division, it develops state-of-the-art weapons systems designed to produce sustained growth in all arenas of the defense industry, including artillery, armored vehicles, air defense, amphibious systems, and manned-unmanned teaming systems.In artillery systems, the company developed the K9 self-propelled howitzer (SPH) based on its experience of producing K55 SPHs. Its world-class K9 Thunder SPH artillery system is recognized for excellent firepower, maneuverability, and survivability.K10 Ammunition Resupply Vehicle and K9 Thunder SPH artillery systemKnown for high-quality standards, the K9 is exported to eight countries worldwide and holds the largest market share in the global SPH market. Its continuous improvements in performance have expanded its entry into advanced defense markets, such as the UK and the US. The K10 Ammunition Resupply Vehicle, the world’s first fully operational automated ammunition support system, works in conjunction with the K9, further ramping up the speed of ammunition delivery. In addition to these systems, the Division also manufactures a variety of land-based launcher systems and naval launchers.The company is proud to offer a diverse portfolio of armored vehicles that are highly effective in Multi-Domain Operations (MDO). Key products include the 120 mm self-propelled automatic mortar system, which offers superior combat distance and firepower compared to conventional mortars; seven types of specialized armored vehicle models that rely on technologies from the K200 Armored Personnel Carrier, such as the NBCRV (Nuclear Biological Chemical Reconnaissance Vehicle); and the K21, a world-class infantry fighting vehicle. Hanwha is also promoting the REDBACK, a future-ready armored vehicle, for overseas markets. In air defense systems, we are incorporating advanced technologies to develop best-in-class systems optimized to respond to and defend against various aerial attacks, bolstering the ROK military’s air defense capabilities. The Hybrid BIHO self-propelled air defense system, recognized as highly effective, leverages artillery and missile system strengths to intercept low-altitude infiltration targets. The Anti-Aircraft Gun Wheeled Vehicle System (AAGW) includes low-cost highly efficient 30mm twin air defense guns and has been in use by the South Korean military since 2021.In amphibious systems, Hanwha is currently engaged in cooperative production of the KM3, a South Korean type of amphibious bridging vehicle, which is key in providing rapid mobility support for the military. The company is also developing its own improved ribbon bridge equipment. In addition, it is engaged in active R&D to upgrade the primary armored personnel carrier for the ROK Marine Corps, the Korean Amphibious Assault Vehicle (KAAV-II), which will replace the current KAAV model with significant advances in mobility, protection, and firepower. In manned-unmanned teaming systems, Hanwha is integrating manned and unmanned systems that will optimize mission effectiveness and reduce human casualties in future battlefield scenarios. The company’s emphasis on core technologies, such as artificial intelligence, remote control, and autonomous driving, has put it at the forefront of technological innovation in the military sphere. Current initiatives include developing remote unmanned K9 SPH, unmanned search vehicles, and multipurpose unmanned vehicles.Since entering the defense industry in 1974, the PGM (Precision Guided Munition) Division has focused on global competitiveness and expanding business related to guided weapons, advanced ammunition, and lasers. In guided weapons systems, Hanwha is developing projects across land, sea, and air as it advances weapons systems from propulsion engines to integrated guidance and control systems. Its flagship product, the CHUNMOO, was the first company-led system development project in South Korea, which became fully operational in 2015, and significantly enhanced the power of the ROK Army. By maintaining advanced global quality, technology, and price competitiveness, Hanwha provides customized solutions to overseas customers. It will expand its global footprint by securing a variety of range-specific solutions.CHUNGUMIn addition, The company is prioritizing L-SAM, long-range surface-to-air missiles, and CHUNGUM, an air-launched anti-tank guided missile, carried on a LAH (Light Armored Helicopter). These are crucial pillars that support the South Korean missile defense system. Given the growing demand overseas for anti-tank guided weapons and increased need in domestic operating platforms, the company is developing CHUNGUM to be compatible with ground platforms that will target international markets.Hanwha’s advanced ammunition systems offer unrivaled technology in ammunition core components, including detonators and propellants. It will participate in precision-guided ammunition projects to continue to sharpen its technology in ammunition systems precision and guidance. As the nation’s leader in laser technology, it is developing a future weapons system that applies high-energy laser technology while promoting localization of original technology.At its Navigation Systems Division, Hanwha specializes in developing and manufacturing advanced navigation systems that play a critical role in advanced weapons systems. The navigation system’s advanced equipment controls a platform's movement by providing essential information on speed, position, and attitude. With high-level expertise in gyro sensors, the core technology of navigation systems, the company boasts unparalleled technology in this field. Navigation systems were once primarily used only in the military, such as for guided missiles and aircraft, but applications have since expanded into commercial arenas, including in drones, robots, and autonomous vehicles, highlighting the potential for this field to become a mid- to long-term growth engine.Hanwha Aerospace acquired Hanwha Defense and Hanwha Corporation/Defense in November 2022 and April 2023, respectively. It is leveraging the expertise of each affiliate in the arenas of land, sea, air, and space technologies in order to create maximum synergy and seek sustainable growth by improving its global competitiveness. The company remains dedicated to securing next-generation core technologies and strengthening quality competitiveness to become a global leader in future technology.Yoon Young-silpr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Japan’s disposal of wastewater from the wrecked Fukushima nuclear power plant has politicians in South Korea responding in contrasting fashion, with one side fasting to protest the Japanese government's actions and the other side feasting to promote seafood consumption.Democratic Party of Korea head Rep. Lee Jae-myung, on the fourth day of a hunger strike, said he would call on the international community to join his party’s protests against the Japanese government over the water’s release, in a press conference on Sunday.“The dumping of the wastewater contaminated with radioactive materials by Japan is in direct violation of the London Convention on marine pollution,” he said. “It is time for the international community to step in and call out this clear breach of the international law, stop Japan’s misbehavior and stand united to preserve marine safety.”The main opposition leader said he penned a letter to the heads of states and governments of the 86 signatories of the London Convention to collectively rally against the release of the Fukushima wastewater.Announcing his hunger strike Thursday, Lee urged the Yoon Suk Yeol administration to bring the wastewater’s release to the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea.Lee’s hunger strike, the end date of which he has not announced, coincides with his impending questioning by prosecutors in a series of criminal investigations into corruption allegations surrounding him and his aides. He was due to appear before prosecutors Wednesday, but the questioning has since been postponed at his request.At the core of the Democratic Party’s Fukushima protests is its criticism of the Yoon administration’s foreign policy stance, more particularly its close alignment with Japan. “Our president is risking being complicit in Japan’s horrendous act of nuclear terrorism,” said the Democratic Party leader.The ruling People Power Party says the opposition is purveying misinformation and conspiracy theories to rally its base, at the expense of Korea's fisheries industry.The ruling party lawmakers said the wastewater was diluted and treated prior to being released as per International Atomic Energy Agency standards, and that the opposition was exaggerating the dangers the discharge poses to marine life at the cost of damage to the fishing industry.The party’s lawmakers took turns staging dinners at seafood restaurants with the aim of showing it is safe to continue to consume fish and other seafood.“It’s unfortunate how some in politics have chosen to turn to false information and fan public anxiety to advance their personal political goals,” Rep. Kim Gi-hyeon, the ruling party’s leader, told reporters.





The South Korean President’s decision to disband the Korea Coast Guard (KCG) would likely cause setbacks in the Ministry of National Defense’s plan to transfer coastal surveillance duty to the KCG by 2021.Source: Yonhap News “The breakup of the KCG would compel us to re-examine the transfer of costal surveillance,” said an official at the ministry Tuesday. “We originally planned to hand over the duty to a marine police agency. But now the transfer could be delayed or rescinded altogether.”“We need to watch how the KCG’s duties are reorganized, but if the new national safety agency takes over marine surveillance, we will need to discuss with the new agency regarding handing over coastal surveillance,” the official said.The ministry announced the ‘defense reform plan for 2014-2013’ in March, which said the army would relinquish its coastal surveillance duty to the KCG by 2021.The transfer decision came based on the conclusion that the army will no longer be capable of performing coastal surveillance as the standing troops would be downsized 111,000 from 498,000 to 387,000 by 2022.“The original plan was to surrender to the KCG the patrol ship-based surveillance of coasts and remote islands and operation of some coastal posts in light of the troop downsizing,” a military official said.






The nation’s financial watchdog is widening its probe into all financial subsidiaries of the now-defunct Semo Group, a suspected source of funds for Yoo Byung-un, the owner of Chonghaejin Marine Co. and the sunken ferry Sewol.The Financial Supervisory Service is preparing an extensive audit on Semo Credit Union and other affiliated financial companies, FSS officials said Friday.The FSS will also further investigate the allegations that several of the local banks granted loans to the financially pressed marine company.Also on Friday, it dispatched examining officials to Korea Development Bank, Industrial Bank of Korea, Woori Bank and Kyongnam Bank to review their loan processes for Chonghaejin Marine Co.KDB on Monday issued a statement refuting the allegation and claiming that the lending was legitimate.As of the end of last year, Semo Group held a total debt of 203 billion won ($195 million) and depended on loans for 61.4 percent of its financing, according to the FSS.“We decided to scrutinize all companies and people who might have been involved in the ferry Sewol and its operator,” said an FSS official.Along with the financial authorities, the National Tax Service and the Korea Customs Service are looking into possible tax evasion and illegal overseas transactions.Semo Credit Union is a cooperative association within Semo Group, which is suspected of having provided low-interest loans to I-One-I Holdings, the holding company of Chonghaejin Marine Co.Since the 6,825-ton ferry Sewol capsized last Wednesday, 174 of 476 passengers have survived. The majority of the deceased and the missing are students of Danwon High School who were heading to Jejudo Island for a school trip.As officials sought the root cause of the disaster, the probe led to Yoo and his family members, the former stakeholders of the disputed Chonghaejin Marine Co.Yoo’s two sons are currently the largest shareholders of I-One-I Holdings, through the shipbuilding company Chonhaiji, which in turn owns a majority share in Chonghaejin Marine Co.Through this intertwined governance structure, Yoo and his family are estimated to have earned more than 200 billion won in assets, while taking little responsibility for the marine company’s management or safety.Yoo, however, has so far refuted all allegations of illegal monetary transactions or negligence of duty, though he said through his attorney that he shares responsibility for the tragedy.With the financial probe picking up speed, the Sewol investigation unit at the Incheon District Prosecutor’s Office summoned Yoo’s younger son and daughter, who are currently in the United States, for questioning.







Yeosu city expands support for fisheries industry... strengthens competitiveness in fisheries Expansion of safe seafood production base..Establishment of modernization and automation system...Reporter Lee Hak-cheo. In the past, before the national industrial complex was activated, Yeosu was the best fishery city in Jeollanam-do. However, recently, Yeosu's fishery industry is facing difficulties due to reduced production due to global warming and reduced fishery resources, indiscriminate development due to industrialization, and decreased productivity of lotus root fisheries due to environmental pollution. In particular, fishermen are struggling with complex and unpredictable causes such as the annual red tide, high water temperature in summer, and low water temperature in winter. In response, Yeosu City, the 8th popular election, rolled up its sleeves to revive the fishery industry. Create a clean fishing ground through environmental purification of the sea near Yeosu and expand fishery management support. In addition, it plans to enhance competitiveness related to fisheries through modernization and automation of aquaculture and sales promotion and publicity of aquatic products. Recently, through organizational reorganization, it seems to be actively promoting the fishery industry, such as establishing a fishery promotion center team to build marine fishery big data and a coastal cleanup team to create a clean fishery environment. Reinforcing fishery competitiveness through various support expansions. For the continuous maintenance and development of fishing villages and preservation of values, the ‘Basic Fisheries Public Welfare Direct Payment System’ will be implemented from this year. It is a payment of 1.2 million won each to small fishermen such as small fishermen and sailors who were not eligible for the previous fisheries direct payment. In addition, ‘fishery resources protection direct payment (KRW 1.5 million under 2 tons, differential support by tonnage)’ is paid to fishing organizations that actively protect fishery resources and comply with the total allowable catch (TAC). A total of 870 million won was provided to fishermen who subscribed to various marine disaster insurance policies to ensure that they receive appropriate compensation in case of various disasters. About 1,200 fishing boats, 3,600 sailors, and 200 fishermen are expected to benefit from the insurance premium support. Twelve coastal fishing boats will be reduced to establish a foundation for sustainable seafood production in the fishing industry. A total of 1.2 billion won, including support for business closure, will be provided for reduced fishing boats. In addition, part of the installation costs such as automatic fire extinguishing device (project cost 88 million won) and oil reduction device (project cost 460 million won) are supported to prevent fishing boat accidents and ensure safe operation. Fishermen only need to pay 40-50% of the support cost. Reinforcing and modernizing/automating measures to restore fishery resources. Modernize and automate the aquaculture sector, which needs improvement due to labor shortages and increased management costs. It plans to supply farm automation equipment such as automatic feed feeders and automatic sorters to fish farms. In addition, the 'ICT convergence smart aquaculture complex test bed creation project' will be promoted for the modernization of offshore cage farms. It is a project to develop a farm model suitable for our region, real-time monitoring of ICT convergence, and establishment of an unmanned fishery management system. It is expected to help farmers by reducing manpower and actively responding to fishery disasters. Measures to recover fishery resources will also be strengthened. This year, KRW 900 million was invested to release about 2.4 million fish of 7 types, including high value-added fish species such as stone bream, black shrimp, and sea cucumber, into the sea forest and artificial fishing reefs installed in the province. In order to increase the effect, we plan to select a settlement-type income type preferred by villages and fishing villages by consulting with specialized institutions such as the Namhae Fisheries Research Institute on the type and location of release. In addition, 3.18 million fish seeds such as stone bream and sea bass, 1.84 million abalone seeds, and 96 tons of clam seeds will be sprayed. A sea gardening project is also being promoted to restore the aquatic ecosystem by transplanting seaweeds and exterminating pirate animals in coastal areas devastated by whitening. Expansion of safe seafood production base. Promote the ‘Clean Fishery Regeneration Project’ to restore the fish farms, which are the base for fish production, to a clean environment. By the end of this year, we will spend a total of KRW 5 billion to collect and plan to deal with. To enhance the safety and productivity of Yeosu mussels, 1.9 million attachments made of environmentally friendly synthetic resin are supported. 400 million won will be invested in new projects this year. It is expected that it will take about 72 million (about 25 billion won) to completely replace it. In addition, as the use of Styrofoam buoys is obligatory in all fish farms from November of this year due to the microplastic zero policy, a project of 12 billion won is invested to support the supply of eco-friendly certification buoys. At the same time, in line with the trend of placing importance on the safety of marine products, we plan to build sanitary facilities such as the Yeosu Fisheries Hyuphyup Dried Fish Marketplace and the Geomundo Fisheries Hyuphyup Marketplace so that they can be safely consumed, thereby enhancing the competitiveness of Yeosu seafood products at home and abroad. In preparation for the discharge of contaminated water in Fukushima, safety and radioactivity tests for aquatic products have been expanded to 160 times this year (94 times last year), and detailed response plans are being established by analyzing the impact of contaminated water on the fisheries industry in our city, while the establishment of a seafood safety center is also being reviewed. Jeong Jae-ho, head of the Fisheries Tourism Bureau, said, "Complex and unpredictable causes, such as the recent closure of the fish farm in Yeosu, are causing great damage to fishermen." We will do our best to promote the Yeosu fishery industry by actively implementing the policy.”




NETHERLANDS SHIP ACCIDENT. An aerial view taken from a helicopter on 06 December 2012 shows Dutch Coast Guard (Kustwacht) vessels navigating near the spot where the Bahamas-flagged cargo ship 'Baltic Ace' sunk after colliding with a container ship in the North Sea, off the coast of the Dutch Zeeland province, the day before, 05 December 2012. Twenty-four people were on board the 'Baltic Ace' during the collision 05 December night off the south-western province of Zeeland. The ship was carrying a cargo of cars. Thirteen were rescued and six crew members are still missing, the Netherlands Coastguard said. The search, which had been halted overnight due to bad weather, resumed at daylight, but authorities put the chances of survival for the missing at near zero.




On the 19th, Incheon City invested a total budget of 58.6 billion won in the fishing village and fisheries sector this year to carry out 86 projects in order to supply safe and hygienic marine products to citizens and improve the stable quality of life of fishermen in fishing villages. He announced that he would pursue it. According to Incheon City, as part of its policy to solve the problems of aging, population decline, and social structure in fishing villages and island areas, the city is improving fishing village life and safety base through fishing village and fishing port regeneration projects, building fishing port infrastructure, and improving fishing conditions in border waters. We plan to overcome the crisis of extinction of fishing villages and create fishing villages where everyone can prosper by promoting five key tasks, including improving and creating a safe fishing environment, creating abundant fisheries resources and expanding eco-friendly fish farming, creating a distribution base for marine products, and revitalizing fishing villages. Improvement of fishing village life and safety base through fishing village and fishing port regeneration project. Incheon City is pursuing a fishing village and fishing port regeneration project with a total project cost of KRW 181 billion in 18 fishing villages in Ganghwa-gun, Ongjin-gun, and Jung-gu by 2026. As of last year, 3 of the 2nd and 3rd phase projects (8 locations) of the Fishing Village New Deal 300 were completed, and the remaining 5 locations are scheduled to be completed by the second half of this year. The 4th phase project (3 locations) will complete detailed design and begin construction within this year. Is expected. In addition, the two locations (Janggot Port in Ganghwa-gun and Baekari Port 2 in Ongjin-gun), which were selected for the fishing village revitalization promotion project that began last year as a follow-up project to the Fishing Village New Deal 300, will complete the establishment of the basic plan within the first half of this year, enter into detailed design, and begin construction quickly. We are preparing for it. In addition, 7 target sites (3 in Ganghwa, 3 in Ongjin, 1 in Jung-gu, project cost KRW 50 billion) were discovered and applied for in the 2024 fishing village new revitalization project contest, and 1 site was selected as a result of selection in January of this year (project cost KRW 10 billion/Jumun Island, Ganghwa-gun). was selected. Protecting the property and lives of fishermen by building fishing port infrastructure. By building fishing port infrastructure, we will safely accommodate fishing boats and protect the property and lives of fishermen. We will also improve the settlement conditions of local residents and marine transportation conditions through fishing port repair and reinforcement and environmental improvement projects. The local fishing port construction project costs KRW 4.6 billion for three ports (Hupo Port, Soyeonpyeong Port, and Gwangmyeong Port), and the fishing port repair and reinforcement project costs KRW 4.6 billion for six ports (Changhu Port, Sahadong Port, Sundu Port, Seungbong-ri Port, Dou Port, and Yedanpo Port). ), and KRW 4.2 billion will be invested in the complex multi-functional floating pier facility project, and KRW 800 million will be invested in three ports in Ganghwa-gun. In addition, 900 million won will be earmarked for fishing port maintenance and repair projects to improve safety facilities. Improve fishing conditions in border waters and create a safe fishing environment. Last year, Incheon City achieved achievements such as adjusting the fishing limit in the Ganghwa Sea for the first time in 60 years and revising the Enforcement Decree of the Fishing Vessel Safe Fishing Act (Nov. 7, 2023) to expand the fishing ground to an area three times that of Yeouido (8.2㎢). In order to prevent safety accidents and respond quickly to new fishing grounds, we plan to build and deploy a small (5-ton class) fishing guidance boat to improve fishing conditions in border waters. We plan to build five replacement vessels over five years for old fishing guidance vessels that are in urgent need of safety as they have been built for more than 28 years. First, we will support one fishery guidance vessel in Ongjin-gun (KRW 9.2 billion) for which detailed design has been completed this year. Furthermore, replacement of old engines (10 ships), safety equipment such as radar and wireless equipment (166 units), and two multi-purpose fixed cranes that can lift small fishing boats to land in case of bad weather such as typhoons (Mungap Port, Hwangsando Port) ) will be installed to pay attention to fishing boat safety management. In addition, as the 「Enforcement Rules of the Fishing Vessel Act」 were revised (December 18, 23), closed inspection (inspection that checks the condition of the engine without opening the engine), which was previously only possible for fishing vessels under 5 tons, has been extended to ships under 10 tons. It is expected that the convenience of fishing for fishermen in the five islands of the West Sea will be greatly improved as remote fishing vessel inspections are implemented starting this year during regular inspections every five years for small fishing boats (outboard motors) weighing less than 2 tons. Creation of abundant fisheries resources and expansion of eco-friendly fish farming. In order to proactively prepare for changes in the marine environment due to recent rapid climate change, marine pollution, and marine development, and to create and use sustainable fisheries resources, KRW 2.33 billion and KRW 1.64 billion, respectively, were allocated to purchase and release fishery seeds and install artificial reefs. Put in. In addition, we will begin to restore the ecosystem of coastal fishing grounds through the octopus spawning and habitat creation project (KRW 300 million), and budget for the release effect survey and reef fishery management (KRW 490 million) to verify the effectiveness of the fishery resource creation project. plan. According to the results of the 'Survey on the Effects of Fish Seed Release and Artificial Reefs' conducted by the Korea Fisheries Resources Corporation under the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries, the economic effect was found to be 5.26 times that of blue crabs and 5.19 times that of flatfishes, and sea areas where artificial reefs were installed had a higher fisheries effect than sea areas where artificial reefs were not installed. It has been shown to have the effect of increasing the catch of resources by approximately 2 to 4 times. In addition, we will contribute to improving and preserving the environment of fish farms and producing and supplying safe marine products by improving the aging fishing environment and creating a fishing production base (KRW 2.11 billion), and expanding eco-friendly fish farming by supplying eco-friendly energy to fish farms (KRW 500 million). promote. Increase fishermen’s income by creating a distribution base for marine products and revitalizing fishing villages. We plan to contribute to promoting consumption of marine products by improving the quality of local specialties and ensuring safety by supporting frozen and refrigerated seafood facilities (KRW 1 billion) that can store locally produced marine products. In order to promote distribution, sales and consumption of marine products (KRW 1.7 billion), we plan to promote and supply safe and fresh marine products to citizens by supporting the production of seafood packaging containers and storage containers, supporting distribution logistics costs, supporting win-win discounts for marine products, and participating in exhibitions and fairs. We operate a fishing village specialized support center (KRW 200 million) to develop fishing village specialized products and build a sales base, support the creation of new income in fishing villages by promoting fishing village experience resort villages online, and operate a fisheries high school specialized program (KRW 150 million) to support the fisheries industry. Train professional manpower. Meanwhile, Incheon City steadily promoted the Fishing Village New Deal project and the Fishing Village New Vitality Promotion Project despite the global economic downturn and difficult domestic conditions due to the instability of international oil prices and a sharp rise in raw material prices due to the war between Ukraine and Israel last year. In order to alleviate the income gap between polarized fishermen and establish an income safety net for fishing families, a project was implemented for the first time to provide 1.2 million won per year to small-scale fishing families and domestic fishing crews instead of direct payments that had been provided only to fishermen living in islands and border areas with unfavorable conditions. In addition, we are promoting continuous consultation with relevant organizations to expand the fishing grounds of the five islands and border waters in the West Sea and extend fishing hours, and to improve the fishing conditions for fishermen and to enhance the resources of coastal fishing grounds by creating spawning and breeding grounds for fishery resources (52 ha of artificial reefs). /648) and seed release (6.65 million) were promoted to promote the restoration of the marine ecosystem and increase the income of fishermen. In addition, to overcome the decline in distribution and consumption of seafood after COVID-19 and the discharge of contaminated water from Japan's Fukushima nuclear power plant, we also promoted projects such as support for seafood processing, refrigeration, and freezing facilities, and win-win discounts (30% discount). In particular, the Incheon Fishing Village Specialization Support Center, which signed a consignment agreement with Incheon City, has made efforts to strengthen the competitiveness of regionally specialized products, such as upgrading the 'Yeonpyeong Island crab broth pack' product using the fishing village's specialty marine products and developing 'boneless crab paste', by 2023. It won the Excellence Award for the 'Crab Broth Pack' at the Incheon Tourism Souvenir Contest and achieved the feat of being selected as the highest grade, 'Grand Prize', at the performance evaluation held by the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries for three consecutive years.




From July 1st to August 31st, the Central Regional Maritime Police Agency will strengthen the safety management of multi-use vessels such as fishing boats and guiding boats in preparation for the summer vacation season.According to the Central Coast Coast Guard, there have been a total of 282 maritime safety accidents related to fishing and fishing boats and multi-use vessels such as tugboats and pilot boats in the past three years.Among them, 41 accidents (about 15%) occurred during the summer (July-August), and most of them occurred due to negligence in safety, such as engine damage or failure of propellers.Since there have been many restrictions on outdoor activities due to COVID-19, it is expected that the demand for sea vacationers and marine leisure activities will increase this summer, and the plan is to do everything possible to prevent marine accidents and manage safety.During the safety management period for multi-use vessels during the summer vacation season (July 1 to Aug. 31), the Central Coast Guard formed a 'guided and piloted inspection team' to intensively inspect outdated ships or piloted vessels with a history of accidents, It plans to actively respond to maritime accidents by deploying patrol vessels, such as coastal rescue boats, on the entry route.In addition, special crackdowns on drunk driving, which have been on the rise for the past three years, will be implemented, and joint crackdowns on illegal fishing activities will be carried out in cooperation with Gyeonggi-do and local governments.“We will do our best to prevent accidents and manage safety of multi-use vessels so that people who must have been very tired from Corona 19 can spend a safe and enjoyable summer vacation at our seas,” said the head of the rescue and safety division of the Central Coast Guard.







PHILIPPINES ACCIDENTS FERRY COLLISION. A handout photo dated 2013 and released by the 2GO Group Inc., on 18 August 2013, shows the ferry ship MV St. Thomas Aquinas photographed in Manila, Philippines. Divers on 18 August retrieved bodies from a sunken ferry in the central Philippines, bringing to 37 the death toll in the accident, the military and coast guard said. Eighty-two people were still missing and feared trapped inside the MV St. Thomas Aquinas ferry, which sank on 16 August after colliding with a cargo ship off the port of Cebu province, 580 kilometres south of Manila.




13 dead, 2 missing in fishing vessel collision. A fishing vessel carrying 22 people capsized off the coast of Incheon early Sunday morning, leaving 13 dead and two missing.According to the coast guard, the 9.77-ton boat carrying two crew members and 20 passengers collided with a 336-ton tanker near Yeongheung Bridge while trying to pass a narrow channel at around 6 a.m.The Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries said 20 of the 22 people had been located, with 13 of them dead. The seven others were taken to five different nearby hospitals. Two, including the captain, were still missing.None of the tanker’s four crew members were injured, officials said. Hwang Jun-hyun, chief of Incheon Maritime Police station, told the media that the rescue team brought a crane barge at around 4:40 p.m. and lifted the vessel out of the water but failed to find the missing two. “We will continue with a night search,” said Hwang during a press briefing.The rescue team arrived at the scene at 6:42 a.m., 33 minutes after the first report. Thirteen passengers were still inside the sinking vessel at that time, while seven were drifting in the water. The report was made by one of the passengers of the fishing boat at around 6:09 a.m.Officials also said the vessel was officially registered as a charter boat to receive fishing guests and had received permission from authorities to depart from Jindu Port on Yeongjongdo on Sunday morning. Authorities said the ship had not violated any maritime regulations. All passengers, including crew members, were wearing life jackets, they said. One of seven survivors told the media that “everything happened so suddenly” and that passengers were not aware of another vessel approaching because it was pitch-dark in the morning. “As soon as the captain said the vessel was going to hit (the other vessel), we were thrown into the sea. I held onto floating Styrofoam waiting to be rescued,” a survivor said in an interview.The presidential office Cheong Wa Dae said President Moon Jae-in was briefed about the incident at 7:01 a.m. and ordered maritime police and the Navy to do their best for the rescue operation.“The president ordered (them) to take all necessary and quick medical actions, as well as to contact families of all identified passengers,” Cheong Wa Dae said, adding that a ministerial-level meeting would be held if necessary.At least five helicopters and 19 boats were mobilized for the search and rescue operation. At least 20 rescue members from the Navy’s Ship Salvage Unit were dispatched to the site. A witness told Korean media outlet YTN that sporadic rainfall near the site may have contributed to the collision. Maritime police said there had been rain from 3 a.m. Sunday. Sea waves also rose to a height of 1.5 meters at the site, but further investigation is needed, officials said. 




Busan City secured 8.735 trillion won in final government funding next year, an increase of 575.8 billion won (7.1%↑) from this year, the largest ever. Establishment of a safe drinking water supply system in the Nakdong River basin (1.92 billion won) Rapid construction of Gadeok New Airport (13 billion won) Hosting of Busan World Expo 2030 (25.45 billion won) Urban railway Construction of Hadan-Noksan Line (KRW 2.5 billion) Construction of a low-floor tram demonstration (KRW 1.74 billion) Joint supply platform for shipbuilding equipment companies (KRW 1.12 billion) Construction of a marine leisure safety experience center (KRW 750 million) Major projects in Busan, such as the creation of a green start-up town (500 million won) and the establishment of a maritime equipment testing and certification center (200 million won), were dramatically additionally increased and newly reflected. Busan Mayor Park Hyung-joon held a press conference at City Hall on the morning of the 26th and said, “The city sees 2023 as an opportunity to take a great leap forward to grow into a global hub city, balanced national development and establishment of regional economic alliances, improvement of city competitiveness, and citizen life. By focusing on improving the quality of the project and securing more than 8.7 trillion won in government funding, we will be able to accelerate the realization of the vision of Busan, a green smart city." ☞Major core business. [Balanced national development and establishment of regional economic alliance] Encourage balanced national development, a new growth axis for Korea. 13 billion won for the rapid construction of Gadeok New Airport, 25.45 billion won for attracting the 2030 Busan World Expo, 5.2 billion won for the 2023 Gifu Industry International Expo. Establishment of economic alliance between Busan and Gyeonggi-do and promotion of win-win development. Busan New Port - Gimhae Expressway Construction 78.38 billion won, Donggimhae IC ~ Sikman JCT Wide Area Road Construction 3.5 billion won, Buulgyeong Hydrogen Pipeline Construction 100 million won, etc. have been secured. Promote balanced regional development by establishing a road network connecting the city center and east-west. Urban Railway Hadan-Noksan Line Construction 2.5 billion won, Hwangryeong 3 Tunnel Road Construction 2.71 billion Won, Groundless Low-floor Tram Construction (Oryukdo Line) 1.74 billion Won, Sikman-Sasang Road Construction (Daejeodaegyo Bridge) 15.47 billion Won Won, Internal circulation (Mandeok-Centum) urban expressway construction 15.2 billion won, Umgung Bridge 10.51 billion won, etc. secured. [Improve city competitiveness] Strengthening the foundation for regionally-led innovative growth by leading future technologies. Regional innovation (RIS) based on local government-university cooperation 30 billion won, Digital twin-based smart city lab demonstration complex creation 8.9 billion won, Reusable battery applied E-mobility industry ecosystem revitalization 1.62 billion won, Future car conversion 1.02 billion won was secured for the basic design of electrification parts and the establishment of a basis for performance verification support. Advancement of key industries, digital transformation, and promotion of a start-up financial city centered on geography. Joint supply platform for shipbuilding equipment companies KRW 1.12 billion, Green Startup Town creation KRW 500 million, Industrial complex environment improvement fund project KRW 15 billion, Sasang industrial area regeneration project KRW 8 billion, Startup-oriented university KRW 6.75 billion secured did. Strengthening competitiveness of global maritime cities by continuously securing the central functions of maritime and ports. Busan Marina Biz Center construction of 5.08 billion won, STEM village creation of 4.89 billion won, and Marine Leisure Safety Experience Center construction of 750 million won were secured. Support development of fish tank and high value-added fishery industry. Development of Dadaepo Port (National Fishing Port) 1 billion won, Baekyang Mountain Natural Recreation Forest 500 million won, Marine and Fisheries Equipment Testing & Certification Center 200 million won, Busan Common Fish Market modernization 11.4 billion won, Fishing Village New Deal Project 8.75 billion won, We secured 1.1 billion won for the creation of a seafood cluster, and 1.1 billion won for marine and fishery startup investment support. In particular, the city plans to thoroughly prepare for the selection of next year's contest projects so that it can serve as a priming water to overcome the business difficulties of the manufacturing industry in the local industrial complex, as 3 billion won for the construction of the process innovation simulation center was reflected in the budget review stage of the National Assembly. [Improve the quality of life of citizens] Realization of a happy city that supports citizens by strengthening welfare. Support for construction of public rental housing KRW 50.4 billion, Support for replacement of old subway trains in urban railway KRW 18.1 billion, Expansion and operation of special means of transportation (Duribal) KRW 10.99 billion, Introduction of low-floor buses KRW 10.95 billion, Busan Medical Center Respiratory Center 2 billion won for expansion, 6.1 billion won for the establishment of a specialized trauma treatment center, and 3.02 billion won for special support for monthly rent for young people. Ensuring citizen safety through preemptive response to disasters. Munhyeon District, Dadae District, Geumsa District 1 Maintenance of areas at risk of wind and flood damage and natural disasters KRW 1.28 billion, KRW 560 million, KRW 400 million each, Dean and Gamjeon District 2 Maintenance of natural disaster risk areas KRW 3.5 billion, Deokcheon Intersection District It secured KRW 3.49 billion for maintenance of flooded areas and KRW 1.42 billion for maintenance of areas prone to natural disasters in Millak District 1. Transformation into a global international tourism city where cultural contents and sports coexist. International Tourism City Fostering Project KRW 9.57 billion, Holding the 106th National Sports Festival KRW 8 billion, 2024 World Table Tennis Championships KRW 4.18 billion, Building National Sports Centers (one each in Sasang-gu, Gangseo-gu, Seo-gu, and Dongrae-gu) 52 secured billions of won. Preemptive response to future climate change and environmental crisis through low-carbon, green-friendly projects. Establishment of a safe drinking water supply system in the Nakdong River basin KRW 1.92 billion, Support for purchase of hydrogen electric vehicles KRW 45 billion, Installation of carbon-neutral facilities at Saenggok landfill KRW 210 million, Creation of a climate-responsive city forest KRW 3.85 billion, Peace Park Harmony Garden It secured 1 billion won for construction and 890 million won for installation of solar power generation facilities such as riverside and Yeongdo sewage. In addition, the establishment of a safe drinking water supply system in the Nakdong River Basin is an issue in which the right to live of 5.3 million Busan and Gyeongnam citizens depends, and the supply of clean water, which has not been resolved for 30 years, can be solved through this government funding. In addition, KRW 23.74 billion from the vehicle emission reduction project KRW 18.92 billion from the creation of a resource circulation (post-plastic) cluster were continuously reflected, accelerating the realization of the vision of ‘Busan, the future, Green Smart City Busan’. Meanwhile, in order to secure the maximum national budget for next year, members of the National Assembly in Busan, such as Cho Gyeong-tae and Kim Mi-ae, who are members of the National Assembly Preliminary Committee, and members of the Preliminary Subcommittee, Jeong Jeong-sik Jeong and Rep. Kim Doo-gwan, are said to have added their strength to secure the budget for pending projects in Busan. Mayor Park said, "Busan is facing challenges such as stagnant growth rate, outflow of young population, and super-aged society. On the one hand, the world is facing an era of great transformation, going through the climate crisis, unfinished pendemic, and economic recession,”He said."In order to overcome the cause of the crisis that hinders national growth in the era of great transformation, we must open the local era," and emphasized, "We will promote key projects such as the success of hosting the 2030 Busan World Expo and the rapid construction of a new airport on Gadeok Island so that Busan can leap forward again as a new growth axis for Korea." In addition, Mayor Park pledged. "We will establish the Busan-Ulsan-Gyeongnam economic alliance and discover and actively promote projects that can develop together with Bu.Ul.Gyeong. The southern region, including Busan, will open the country’s first regional era,”




NETHERLANDS SHIPS COLLISION
Cruise ship evacuated after collision with cargo ship on Waal river

The damage is seen on the MS Edelweiss of the Swiss shipping company Scylla after a collision on river Waal with a cargo ship loaded with cars in Nijmegen, The Netherlands, 20 March 2019. The passengers were unharmed and evacuated, according to the local safty office.




SEOUL, Sept. 3 (Yonhap) -- South Korea's opposition leader said Sunday he will send letters to leaders of 88 nations that are parties to an international convention on maritime pollution to voice concerns over Japan's Fukushima water release.Rep. Lee Jae-myung of the main opposition Democratic Party (DP) said Japan's discharge of radioactive water from the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean runs counter to the London Convention, which prohibits dumping of radioactive waste as well as the dumping of waste through artificial marine structures.Lee said his party will send letters to leaders and government representatives of 88 contracting parties to the London Convention, including South Korea, to ask for their cooperation to stop Japan's Fukushima water release and ensure the safety of ocean security and the ecosystem."The international community should step up to correct Japan's clear violation of international laws," Lee said during a press conference at the National Assembly.Rep. Lee Jae-myung (C), leader of the main opposition Democratic Party (D), shows the cover of a letter to be sent to President Yoon Suk Yeol, which opposes Japan's release of water from the crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant, during a press conference held at the National Assembly on Sept. 3, 2023. (Yonhap)The London Convention, which has been in force since 1975, is meant to promote the effective control of all sources of marine pollution and to take steps to prevent marine pollution by the dumping of waste and other matter.All eyes are on whether the issue will be discussed during next month's meeting on the London Convention and Protocol framework under the International Maritime Organization (IMO).As part of the international campaign, the DP said it plans to send delegations to international bodies, including the U.N. Human Rights Committee and International Atomic Energy Agency, and host an international conference with expert panels from the U.S., China and Japan to discuss the issue.Lee, who has been on a hunger strike at the National Assembly since Thursday, also criticized the ruling People Power Party (PPP) for changing the term for the Fukushima water from "contaminated water" to "treated contaminated water.""Forcing blind faith in nuclear contaminated water onto the public is the most unscientific and manipulative propaganda," Lee said. "The DP, which holds the majority at the National Assembly, will do its best to ensure the safety of the people."








 






PHILIPPINES SUNKEN SEA VESSEL COLLISION

Filipinos wait for news on their relatives who are still missing following a sea vessel collision

Filipinos wait for news on their relatives who are still missing following a sea vessel collision, at the Philippine Coast Guard headquarters in Manila, Philippines 25 December 2009. Search operations for missing persons continued on Christmas Day, after a wooden hull motorized vessel with 14 crew and 59 passengers sank after colliding with a fishing vessel off the coast of Cavite province, south of Manila on 24 December. Forty-six persons have been rescued and three were confirmed dead.




Changwon Special City, prepares a plan to ‘invigorate seafood consumption’. The Mayor of Changwon said on the 7th that after the announcement of the final report by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), as the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant is expected, a response plan will be prepared and implemented with 13 detailed tasks in 4 areas to activate and promote consumption of seafood products. revealed. With 2nd Vice Mayor Cho Myung-rae as the head, it plans to organize and operate four teams, including a general management team to respond to marine discharge of contaminated water from nuclear power plants. will participate in tasks such as discovering policies and ensuring the safety of marine products. We plan to expand the operation of simple radiation meters from 4 to 7 and to expand the inspection of marine product radioactivity from 2 times a month to 20 times a month. Along with this, we will expand the peak of marine radiation surveys to 4 locations by adding Jindong Bay and Gusan-myeon in Masan Port and Jinhae Bay. In line with the opening of the beach on the 1st, a radiation test at Gwangam Beach will also be conducted. In addition, in order to resolve concerns about the misrepresentation of the country of origin of Japanese aquatic products and increasing consumer anxiety, it plans to introduce and operate honor guards for checking the country of origin of aquatic products. In order to relieve citizens' anxiety, radioactivity-related information distributed in five institutions, including the Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries, National Fisheries Products Quality Management Service, Gyeongnam Fisheries Safety Technology Institute, Gyeongnam Health and Environment Research Institute, and Nuclear Safety Commission, is unified and published on the city website every week, and citizens participate. We plan to operate a fishery product radioactivity inspection observation system, and plan to promote and educate through the Lee Tongjang Council, residents' association, city newsletter, and neighborhood association. In order to stimulate consumption of seafood products in the jurisdiction, we plan to request cooperation from public institutions and private companies to promote consumption of fish products, as well as a consumption encouragement campaign using traditional markets and raw fish restaurants in all departments and traditional market fish lunches by city officials. To this end, the Onnuri gift certificate refund event was promoted, and 3,400 people participated and refunded 60 million won, resulting in a sales effect of 200 million won. In addition, a large-scale aquatic product safety campaign will be held at Changwon Square, Masan Fish Market, Jinhae Anmin Tunnel, etc. with the Fisheries Cooperatives, fisheries managers, self-management communities, and public officials. In addition, for large-scale seafood consumption promotion events (festivals), festivals and consumption promotion events are also promoted with a project cost of 360 million won. Hong Nam-pyo, Mayor of Changwon Special Cases, asked, “Putting food safety first, take all possible measures to minimize damage to fishery products for workers in the fisheries industry and small businesses such as fish markets, and ask public officials to set an example of using seafood.”






The World's First Company to Accomplish the FeatThe LNG carrier PRISM COURAGE, which Hyundai Heavy Industries built in 2021 and delivered to SK ShippingAvikus, a subsidiary of HD Hyundai (former Hyundai Heavy Industries Group), has successfully carried out autonomous navigation of a large ship across the ocean, becoming the first company in the world to accomplish such a feat.Together with SK Shipping, Avikus, which specializes in autonomous navigation, announced on June 2 that it had successfully completed autonomous navigation of PRISM COURAGE, a 180,000 square-meter ultra-large LNG carrier, equipped with HiNAS 2.0, Avikus' Level 2 autonomous navigation solution.The PRISM COURAGE departed from the Freeport on the southern coast of the Gulf of Mexico on May 1, passed through the Panama Canal, and finally arrived at the Boryeong LNG Terminal in South Chungcheong Province in Korea after 33 days. The vessel sailed half of roughly 20,000 kilometers in total distance.HiNAS 2.0 creates optimal routes and speeds based on Hyundai Global Service's Integrated Smartship Solution. Its artificial intelligence recognizes the surrounding environment - weather and wave heights - and nearby ships, and then controls the vessel's steering commands in real-time. The Level 2 technology can control and operate the ship in addition to the functions of recognition and judgment.In this test crossing, the PRISM COURAGE was operated autonomously on the optimal routes, increasing the fuel efficiency by around 7 percent while reducing greenhouse gas emissions by about 5 percent. Also, the system accurately recognized the locations of nearby ships to avoid collision about 100 times.This voyage was conducted under real-time monitoring of the American Bureau of Shipping (ABS) and the Korea Register of Shipping to verify the performance and stability of the technology. Avikus plans to commercialize HiNAS 2.0 within this year after receiving a certification from ABS for the results of this self-propelled ocean crossing.Autonomous navigation technology is drawing attention as an innovative technology for future maritime mobility, solving workforce shortages in the maritime transportation industry, reduce pollutants, and improve safety by completely removing the possibility of human errors.Jung Min-heepr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Despite reports treated water at the Fukushima nuclear plant needed to be decontaminated even more before it can be released into the sea,  the Japan government has decided to release it anyway.The Japan-based newspaper Mainichi Shimbun reports that Japan's Nuclear Regulation Authority chief told reporters recently that the authority plans to release the water once the radiation levels are lower.However, he added the authority doesn't think more distillation or dilution will help  nor does he think it's necessary. Almost 85 percent of the water is said to contain dangerously high levels of radioactive materials.According to the plant's operator Tokyo Electric Power Corporation,  about 161-thousand tons of the treated water is 10 to 100 times over the limit for release into the environment,  and another 65-thousand tons is up to 20-thousand times the limit.The release option faced heavy criticism at town meetings in Fukushima and Tokyo in August,  when TEPCO and the Japanese government officials provided little explanation about the contamination.TEPCO says it has the capacity to store up to one-point-three-seven million tons of water through 2020,  and it cannot stay at the plant forever.
South Korea expressed its concerns over Japan's decision last week.Oct. 2 (Korean-Dubbing YTN) "The ocean is not the property of one country, but a shared resource of the world. Releasing contaminated water into the sea is likely to have a significant impact on the marine environment and the safety of marine products."Some experts say the water can be stored for decades, but others say the tanks take up too much space and could interfere with ongoing decommissioning work,  which the Japanese government hopes to finish before the 2020 Tokyo Summer Olympics.




Setting PrecedentThe Daegu, a 2,800-ton frigate built by Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (now known as Hanwha Ocean)Korean shipbuilding giants HD Hyundai Heavy Industries (HHI) and Hanwha Ocean will compete for an order worth 800 billion won for new-generation frigates. The shipbuilder that wins the order is expected to gain an advantage in bidding for major follow-up warship projects such as the Korea Destroyer Next-Generation (KDDX).The Defense Acquisition Program Administration (DAPA) will hold a tender for Frigates 5 and 6, the last batch of the Ulsan-class Batch-III Project, according to defense industry sources. The project budget for the two frigates is 833.4 billion won (US$633.5 million), and HD HHI, Hanwha Ocean, and HJ Heavy Industries will all participate in the tender. The agency plans to evaluate each company’s proposal and select a preferred bidder as early as July.The project is to replace the aging fleet by building six next-generation 3,500-ton frigates, which are considered mini-Aegis ships. Shipbuilders for the previous four battleships were already selected.HD HHI was awarded the contract for the first ship (lead ship) worth 400 billion won in March 2020. The first ship, the Chungnam, is currently going through a test operation and is expected to be delivered to the Korean Navy late next year.The second, third and fourth ships were ordered from mid-sized shipbuilder SK oceanplant for between 330 billion won and 350 billion won. The company reportedly won the order for the three through a price war. At the time, there was a controversy over the lowest bid method set by the DAPA, so DAPA changed the selection method from evaluating proposals centered on technical capabilities rather than on prices.With the change in the evaluation method, both HD HHI and Hanwha Ocean are confident of winning this order.Hanwha Ocean presented a mock-up of a frigate equipped with the latest combat systems, highlighting synergies with the group’s defense affiliates. The combat system developed by Hanwha Systems minimizes underwater radiation noise.HD HHI is also confident about winning this order based on its experience of building the first ship. HD HHI’s model features a four-sided fixed multifunctional phased array radar capable of 360-degree detection, tracking, and response that enhances its air defense capabilities.Kim Eun-jinpr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution




Changwon Special City, ‘Advancing drone demonstration city’. Changwon Special City held a demonstration of the ‘2023 Drone Demonstration City Construction Project’ in the area of Silido and Sujeong-ri, Gusan-myeon, Masan Happo-gu, on the 23rd. This demonstration, co-hosted by Changwon City and the Changwon Business Promotion Agency, was held to confirm the results of the drone demonstration city construction project, which was selected as a public contest project by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport in March and was promoted until November, and to promote the commercialization model of drones to residents. On this day, about 20 people including Changwon Special City, Changwon City Council, Masan Happo-gu Office, Gusan-myeon Administrative Welfare Center, Gusan 119 Safety Center, Changwon Industry Promotion Agency, related company officials, and Silido residents were invited to the demonstration to demonstrate drone logistics delivery and forest arson accident tracking and monitoring. The project was conducted to confirm the use of empirical drones in various disaster situations, including the commercialization of drones that are closely related to real life. The main demonstration contents are △delivery of goods by drone after receiving orders (kiosks or smartphone apps) from island residents △monitoring of illegal dumping of marine waste and fish farms △response to fire situations in mountainous areas linked to the integrated control center monitoring system. All were monitored in real time through an integrated control center built for drone operation and safety. Changwon Special City is becoming a special drone city by gradually investing the necessary budget based on the drone aircraft, mission equipment, flight software, and integrated control system verified through this demonstration to begin the use of drones and gradually settle them into the daily lives of citizens. I plan to take a leap forward. An official from Changwon City said, “Our city will not spare any support for future mobility as a new growth engine that will lead the future,” and added, “We will focus on developing drone life services and promoting projects related to the commercialization of drones so that we can establish ourselves as a special drone city.” “I will pour my efforts into it,” he said.




Jeonbuk Buan Coast Guard set up a special period to prevent maritime accidents and strengthened safety measures during the agricultural season, when thick fog frequently occurs.The Buan Coast Guard said, "Prepare for the characteristics of the marine environment where thick fog (dense fog) often occurs on the sea by July, while preemptively managing safety in accident-prone sea areas through data analysis and strengthening the cooperation system with related organizations. We start to prevent," he said on the 9th.According to the Korea Coast Guard, a whopping 36.7%(102 cases) of a total of 282 maritime ship accidents in the West Sea over the past three years occurred mainly in March and July, the agricultural season.By ship type, fishing boats accounted for the most with 53%(54 vessels), followed by leisure vessels with 29.5%(26 vessels) and fishing boats with 4%(4 vessels). ) ▲ Human factors such as negligence(20.5%) accounted for 79.2%.In particular, in March, fishing boats that have stopped operating throughout the winter start operations in earnest, and with the number of tourists visiting the beach in the spring season increasing, the risk of marine accidents such as vessel collision, loss of direction, and isolation is high.Accordingly, ▲ Gyeokpo Port ▲ Imsu Island ▲ Miyeodo ~ Mohang ▲ Wido (Esophageal Island) ▲ Hyeongjedo Island are designated as 'Sea Areas with Frequent Agricultural Weapon Accidents' Manage and develop customized preventive activities.In addition, based on the results of analyzing the causes of accidents, such as providing maritime safety information to prevent accidents to maritime workers, publicity activities to enhance safety awareness are also carried out at the same time.In addition, information is exchanged between the civil, government, and military rescue forces to strengthen response posture, and the 'Regional Marine Search and Rescue Technical Committee' will be held on the 17th to establish a cooperative system for preventing agricultural weapons accidents among related organizations such as local governments, fire departments, and fisheries cooperatives. also build.In addition, it is a policy to flexibly deploy and operate security forces in areas of concern for accidents according to public security demand for intensive safety management by type of vessel, such as tugboats, fishing boats, and leisure boats.Seong Ki-joo, Chief Superintendent of the Buan Coast Guard, said, "Most of the marine accidents that occur in agricultural aircraft are man-made accidents caused by insensitivity to safety. When thick fog is predicted, the safety awareness of operators, such as refraining from sailing, is more important than anything else." "We plan to further strengthen preemptive patrols and various marine accident prevention activities targeting vulnerable sea areas," he said."During the agricultural season, vessel activity increases and visibility is not secured due to thick fog, which increases the probability of marine accidents," he said. " was added.On the other hand, every spring(March-July), warm air from the southwest and relatively cool sea level meet to create dense fog(dense fog), which is called the agricultural season.








Taean Coast Guard asks to be careful about coastal activities during the Daejo period. 
Taean Marine Police Station announced on the 10th that it would issue the ‘Safety Accident Risk Forecast System’ advisory level for four days from the 11th to the 14th.
This measure by the Taean Coast Guard is because there is a high possibility of coastal accidents occurring during the contrast period, when the difference between tides and tides increases as the Earth and the Moon get closer. According to the Taean Coast Guard, there were 60 coastal accidents that occurred last year, and 41 of them (69%) were caused by failure to recognize the tide caused by the difference in tides. In order to prevent coastal accidents during the contrast period, the Taean Coast Guard used the disaster prediction and warning system to provide advance safety guidance such as tidal warnings and prohibition of parking in low-lying areas, strengthened patrols in areas with frequent isolation according to tidal times, and took measures to move mudflat activities to safe areas. We plan to strengthen prevention activities. An official from the Taean Coast Guard said, “During the high tide period, the difference between tidal and tidal waves is large and the speed of water coming in is fast, so for safe coastal activities, do not park vehicles in low-lying areas, and set a tide alarm in advance when entering isolated areas such as Chicken Island and Grandfather Rock. “Individuals must follow safety rules, such as always wearing a life jacket when engaging in coastal activities such as fishing or tidal flat experiences, working with two or more people when experiencing tidal flats, and moving to land after low tide,” he said.




ANTARCTICA RESCUE SHIP SPARTA. Crew members of Russian ship ''Sparta'' which has been trapped for more than a week, are seen as South Korean icebreaker ''Araon'' (not pictured), approaches the Russian ship at 74:57 degrees south latitude and 159:16 west longitude in the Antarctic 25 December 2011. The icebreaker left New Zealand's second-largest city of Christchurch on 17 December to rescue the Russian ship with a crew of 30, which has stranded due to its collision with an iceberg that left its hull with a rip measuring about 150 centimeters. The 7,487-ton Araon carrying a 37-member survey team was on route to Terra Nova Bay in the Ross Sea region of the frozen continent, where South Korea plans to start the construction of the nation's second scientific research base by December next year. The team is expected to return home late January 2012, after conducting research for the establishment of the Jangbogo Scientific Research Base.




Daewoo Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering (DSME) is trying its best to ensure safety after four workers were killed at its shipyard in a matter of three weeks. Daewoo Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering (DSME) is trying its best to ensure safety after four workers were killed at its shipyard in a matter of three weeks."We are doing our best to prevent the recurrence of this unhappy chain of events," its spokesman told The Korea Times over the phone, Thursday."We stopped all our lines of operation last week to have a company-wide brainstorming to find what caused this surge in accidents and how to prevent them," the spokesman said. He said that all its 30,000 workers stopped working for a day last Monday, engaging in a full day of workshops to address safety at a company-wide level."Our CEO Nam Sang-tae is fully aware of the gravity of the problem. On Thursday, Nam drove the four hours to the company's shipyard in Goje after hearing of another accident," he added. Most flights were cancelled that day due to fog.






 






TOKYO-Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. today announced that it conducted a tabletop drill based on an incident simulation involving an LNG carrier managed by an MOL Group ship management company.MOL holds these drills periodically to confirm its emergency response system in preparation for serious marine incidents.The drill was held on Friday, November 16, with the goal of raising company-wide safety awareness through the simulation of a serious marine incident. The drill was designed to demonstrate that the company can respond swiftly and appropriately in case of a serious marine incident and maintain the timely flow of accurate information. MOL also strives to further sharpen its group-wide emergency response readiness through these regular exercises.
The main participants included MOL executives and representatives of relevant MOL divisions, who teamed up to organize an Emergency Control Headquarters, along with the ship management company, MOL LNG Transport (Asia), Ltd.Under the drill scenario, an LNG carrier collided with a fishing boat near the Akashi Kaikyo Bridge while attempting to evade another ship.The boat capsized, and the three crewmembers went overboard. One was rescued but was unconscious and in critical condition, two others were missing. The collision, which occurred in shallow water, left a hole in the bottom of the LNG carrier‘s hull, and seawater flooded the ballast tank. The vessel was anchored near the site, but the carrier‘s boil-off gas treatment system malfunctioned, making it impossible to control the cargo tank pressure.Upon receiving a report of the accident, MOL organized an Emergency Control Headquarters inside the company.To reconfirm processes such as reporting and communication that are critical in an emergency, the time frame of the drill spanned from the occurrence of the incident to a simulated press conference and verified the company‘s capability to ensure smooth cooperation and information gathering among the vessel, ship management company, concerned divisions, and the company‘s Emergency Control Headquarters. In addition, based on information collected, the headquarters discussed responses to be taken as the shipowner and operator, reviewed the emergency response system, and then practiced responding to media inquiries at the simulated press conference.MOL‘s tabletop drills are intended to make sure that every employee has a higher awareness of safety and to help the company forge ahead to ”become a world leader in safe operation,” while developing and enhancing a solid emergency response structure.




SEOUL -- In 2019, former South Korean President Moon Jae-in unveiled a new energy roadmap for the country's "hydrogen economy," which was designed to support South Korean companies secure their firm leadership in the global hydrogen fuel cell industry. The roadmap was also part of South Korea's big plan to gradually reduce its dependency on fossil fuels and achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. The country had aimed to operate more than 28 hydrogen charging stations for fuel cell electric vehicles (FCEVs) by the end of 2022 but the government's big plan was faced by the public's fear of hydrogen explosion. A hydrogen tank exploded at a technology research complex in the eastern port city of Gangneung in 2019, killing one person and injuring five people. The accident fueled public fear over hydrogen facilities. Small and large protests took place after the accident and planned installations of hydrogen fuel charging stations in urban areas and populated were temporarily delayed or canceled. Seoul originally planned to build at least 48 hydrogen stations by 2025 and there were only eight stations as of March 2023. According to data released by Seoul, there were 2,860 FCEVs registered as of October 2022. "Actually, handling hydrogen is not too much different from handling liquefied natural gas (LNG), which is widely used in South Korea. They also have a very similar logistics system," Kim Seo-young, the CEO of Hylium Industries, told Aju Korea Daily on July 26. "It's just that people get scared because they hear about North Korea's hydrogen bomb and talk about some zeppelin accident that took place about 100 years ago," Kim said, smiling. Hylium Industries is a South Korean startup specializing in the development of tanker trucks, refueling stations, and storage tanks for liquefied hydrogen. "Our technology covers every process of liquid hydrogen transportation and storage, except the production process," the Hylium CEO said. Normally hydrogen is stored and transported in three different states -- compressed hydrogen, liquid hydrogen, and hydrogen that is chemically stored in other compounds such as ammonia or metal hydrates. Compressed hydrogen gas is the most widely used method but the energy density is lower than other states, making it less efficient when hydrogen needs to be transported to other areas. The transport and storage of hydrogen through the ammonia state has a very high energy density level but it requires extra facility at the production facility and the storage facility where hydrogen needs to be turned into ammonia and vice versa. The liquid hydrogen, however, has a high energy density, making it ideal for long-distance transportation, and does not need extra facilities for breaking down chemical compounds. According to Hylium, liquefied hydrogen can be distributed using LNG and liquefied propane gas (LPG) facilities if they are reinforced for very low temperatures (around -253 degrees Celsius or 20 Kelvin) of liquid hydrogen. It is also harder to maintain the temperature of liquid hydrogen to prevent the boil-off phenomenon which can lead to hydrogen fuel disappearing into thin air.
The demand for alternate fuel is high in the global marine transport sector after the United Nations urged maritime nations to accelerate their effort to achieve net zero shipping emissions. Currently, the UN has issued strong carbon emission guidelines that will gradually get tougher to achieve carbon zero by 2050. To meet the demands of the global maritime trend, the company signed a memorandum of understanding with HD Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering (KSOE), the holding company of HD Hyundai shipbuilding group, earlier in 2023 to jointly develop liquid hydrogen tanker vessels by 2030. Hylium will provide the company's know-how of insulation technology for storage tanks to minimize the boil-off phenomenon. The hydrogen tech company is also cooperating with the eastern province of Gangwon to develop power packs for hydrogen-propelled pilot boats for coastal operations. "Liquid hydrogen as fuel would be also very efficient for fishing vessels as they would not need extra coolant material," Kim said, adding: "Liquid hydrogen needs to be turned into gas state before being injected to a fuel cell and the cold energy of liquid hydrogen can be used for freezing or cooling the catch." "In the future world of mobility, not every vehicle would be able to adopt battery-powered power packs. Heavy-duty trucks, trains, ships, and airplanes would have to adopt hydrogen-based power packs in order to travel long distances. That area would be Hylium's main field," Kim spoke about the future goal of his company. According to Kim, Hylium will start by focusing on the distribution of compressed hydrogen charging stations while accelerating the adoption of liquid hydrogen stations. "While we develop hydrogen storage tanks for heavy-duty vehicles, ships, and airplanes, we aim to become a 'critical' company in the global hydrogen distribution sector," the Hylium CEO said. Kim thinks it's a matter of time before South Koreans understand hydrogen as an ordinary type of fuel. "It will take time. Taxis operate on LPG fuel and no one seems to be worried when they get on a taxi. I think it will be the same for hydrogen fuel," Kim said. There are about 260,000 taxis in operation in South Korea and more than 90 percent of them run on LPG. The Hylium CEO predicts that the worldwide adoption of hydrogen would be achieved at around 2060. "It has been about 100 years since humans started using fossil fuels for transport. Now, I think we are at the doorstep of an energy transition. It takes a very long time for a new form of energy to be adopted and I think the hydrogen businesses should be based on a long-term project of 20 or 30 years," Kim explained.